# Buy, Sing, Yell!
## 
### 
Our campus monopoly on Big Game
tickets closes tomorrow. Afterward,
the loiterers by the way must share
their luck with alumni, friends, and
the "general public". Applications
from student followers of rugby have
swamped the graduate manager's of
fice joyfully to date. We want to be
sure that some room is left in the
Ewing Held stands for foreigners. But
it is all right if they have to crowd
up a bit. So don't let tomorrow slip
without your orders.
By way of anticipating the fun on
the occasion of the frolic with Santa
C'ara, set your vocal talent at work
on the songs and yells, new and old.
Mr. House President and so forth:
Teach your brothers and sisters those
songs and yells along with the small
blacks tonight. And every night. So
folks'll know them next Saturday.
