# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
Foil and Mask will hold a joint
meeting with California's fencing so
ciety, l.a Rapiere, Wednesday evening.
The time will be spent in a series of
informal bouts.
