# Local Ballot Contrary to Returns
## 
### 
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
Contrary to state-wide returns,
Stanford and Palo Alto voters favored
the adoption of the direct primary and
change in form of ballot measures by
large majorities at the polls in yes
terday's state election on proposed
constitutional amendments. Approx
imately a total of 358 ballots were
east in the local district. Fifty-nine
men and women exercised the right
of suffrage in Stanford precinct No. 1.
In Stanford precinct No. 2 seventy-six
voted.
