# Palo Alto Fiesta to Raise Money for Starving Mexico
## 
### 
O'.d Mexico transplanted for a day
will appear in Palo Alto Saturday.
The occasion will be a Fiesta given be
fore the residence of C. D. Marx on
Kingsley avenue. The money raised
at this entertainment will be sent to
Mexico for the relief of the starving
mothers and children in that war
stricken country.
An orchestra of fifteen pieces will
play from 6:30 on, under the direc
tion of J. C. Ray, '09. The silhouette
artist from "Japan Beautiful" at the
exposition will be present in the af
ternoon. Furthermore, to add to the
air of Mexican color which is to per
vade the Fiesta, arrangements are be
ing made to have three or' the crafts
men from the Tehuantapec village on
the Zone come with their wares for
sale.
The money raised will be sent to a
committee at Vera Cruz consisting o!"
U. S. Consul W. W. Canada, Mrs. J. R.
Silliman, wife of President Wilson's
representative in Vera Cruz, and Dr.
William Wallace, who has been for
twenty years a missionary in Mexico.
