# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
Coach Dobie of the University of
Washington allows the men on the
training table to smoke and enjoy
other privileges that they are accus
tomed to.
