# Women Diamond Stars to Compete
## 
### 
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
Members of the sophomore women's
baseball team, who won from the
freshmen, and the junior team, which
won from the seniors, will play the
final interclass same next. Thursday
afternoon at Roble gymnasium.
