# Writers Needed
## 
### 
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
The Daily Sports Department
needs writers.
If you have a special interest in
gymnastics, baseball, track, or ten
nis, and feel like taking your hos
tilities out on the keys of a Daily
typewriter, please let us know.
Think of all the glamour and
prestige of having your name oh a
brilliant article showing "the
human drama of athletic compe
tition." Impress the co-eds with
your vast knowledge of intricate
sports jargon.
Don't let your talent remain
hidden. Call Fred Mann at The
Daily.
