# Untitled Article
## 
### 

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.

READY TO RUN—Outfielder Jack Hodges leads off base during USF game. Ilodges collected three of the Tribe's nine hits in
the contest, and is 5-10 on the year. He also scored the winning run on Monday against the Philadelphia Rookies in
Stanford's 2-1 victory. The varsity is getting fine work out of their pitching staff, but are weak in the field.
