# Baseball Game Saturday.
## 
### 
There were fifteen men at base
hull practice last night. Captain
Beckett requests that men enough
turn out to practice at 9:30 next
►Saturday morning fora game of a
few n lings. The players are doing
good work and it is probable that
two or three games will be played
after Thanksgiving in order to try
out the new material, U. C. has
already planned fora series of
games after the football season.
There were fifteen men at base
hull practice last night. Captain
Beckett requests that men enough
turn out to practice at 9:30 next
►Saturday morning fora game of a
few n lings. The players are doing
good work and it is probable that
two or three games will be played
after Thanksgiving in order to try
out the new material, U. C. has
already planned fora series of
games after the football season.
There were fifteen men at base
hull practice last night. Captain
Beckett requests that men enough
turn out to practice at 9:30 next
►Saturday morning fora game of a
few n lings. The players are doing
good work and it is probable that
two or three games will be played
after Thanksgiving in order to try
out the new material, U. C. has
already planned fora series of
games after the football season.
There were fifteen men at base
hull practice last night. Captain
Beckett requests that men enough
turn out to practice at 9:30 next
►Saturday morning fora game of a
few n lings. The players are doing
good work and it is probable that
two or three games will be played
after Thanksgiving in order to try
out the new material, U. C. has
already planned fora series of
games after the football season.
There were fifteen men at base
hull practice last night. Captain
Beckett requests that men enough
turn out to practice at 9:30 next
►Saturday morning fora game of a
few n lings. The players are doing
good work and it is probable that
two or three games will be played
after Thanksgiving in order to try
out the new material, U. C. has
already planned fora series of
games after the football season.
