# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
Institutional cookery classes at the
f>tate University of Montana prepared
till the food for the residence halls for
jttne day.
