# OVERFLOW WATER FROM SEARSVILLE SWELLING LAGUNITA
## 
### 
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
With the Soarsville overflow
coming in steadily from the
flume, Lagunita is fast, though
muddily, approaching its regular
level. About, six feet now remain
before the proper level for canoe
ing is reached.
Though groups of melodious
bullfrogs have had the lake pretty
much to themselves so far, a few
canoes have ventured forth, and
(he rest of the Stanford fleet is
undergoing patching and painting
in preparation for the spring sea
son.
I
