# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
FOR YOURSELF
the superiority of Penin
sula fountain foods.
Whether it's a milkshake
or a quick lunch you'll
find what you want at the
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
CORNER HAMILTON AND
EMERSON STS.
