# Adv. 11 Page 2
## 
### 
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;*»
■ Iff
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STAD3UM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
