# Vaccination Slips Due Today at Registrar's
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office today for all
new students, including those hav
ing permit to attend classes and all
other students whose certificates
have expired. Failure to file cer
tificates by 5 o'clock today will re
sult in a fine of $2 or if not filed
by May 5 registration will be sub
ject to cancellation.
