# KREISLER IMPROVED
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
NEW YORK, April 27 (UP).—The
condition of Fritz Kreisler, noted
violinist, who suffered a fractured
kull and internal injuries when
struck by a truck yesterday, was de
'■ -ribed at Roosevelt Hospital today
;i : "improved but still serious."
