# BRIDGES WITNESS
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27 (UP).
—James O'Neil, radio newscaster
who pleaded guilty to contempt for
failure to answer a government sub
poena, was expecled to testify for
the prosecution tomorrow at the
second deportation hearing of his
friend, Harry Bridges, California
C.1.0. director.

The art of painting was said tc
have been introduced to Rome from
Etruria by Quintus Fabius, 291 B.C
