# U.C. Physicist Lectures In Chemistry Building
## 
### 
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
Professor Raymond T. Birge, !
physicist from the University of
California, last night delivered the
third in a series of four lectures
concerning "Rand Spectra," in the j
Chemistry building, under the aus- j
pices of the Chemistry Department. 1
The fourth will be given next Mon- j
day.
