# Untitled Article
## 
### 
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 7. (AP) One ma
was killed and two seriously in
jured when the automobile in whic
they were riding was struck by
Southern Pacific freight train at
crossing west of here early th
morning.
