# SEVEN KILLED WHEN SCHOONER FOUNDERS
## 
### 
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
WATCH HILL, R. 1., Dcc. 7. (A s ) —
Seven persons lost their lives when I
the coal-laden schooner Storm I
Petrel foundered in the chill wind- I
swept waters of Long Island Sound j
seven miles off here late yesterday, '
the Coast Guard reported today.
Officers of a Coast Guard fleel of
destroyers and patrol boats sent out
from the New London, Conn., base
searched for hours for survivors and
the extent of the tragedy was not
known until today.
