# Untitled Article
## 
### 

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.

QUITS AXIS — Argentina's
Foreign Minister, Gen.
Alberto Gilbert, who an
nounced his country had
terminated diplomatic rela
tions with Germany and
Japan. This move closed off
last listening-post of Axis
in the Americas.
