# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
Bruno Banducci
is this weeks winner of
The Keeble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Santa
Clara Came.
David Keeble
323 University
