# Cokes Hit Record At Bronco Game
## 
### 
Stanford's fame as a center of
Coca-Cola consumption leaped to
national proportions after last Sat
urday's football game with Santa
Clara.
It was revealed yesterday that
more bottles of the famed soft
drink were sold at this game than
ever before at any football ganife
anywhere in these United States,
according to It. J. Steacy. manager
of the San Jose bottling plant.
Statistics revealed that 1,714
cases, 41,136 bottles, 24fÂ»,81(i ounces
of Coca-Cola passed down the
parched gullets of approximately
two out of every three persons at
the game.
Until Stanford opened the coke
valve, the record was held by an
Ohio State game with about 1.20(1
cases.
