# Lunchers to Hear Blind Engineer
## 
### 
Frederick C. Hanker, blind lec
turer in the electrical department
of the School of Engineering, ac
companied by his seeing-eye dog,
"Bella," will speak before the
Luncheon Club in the Nitery to
morrow at 12:15, Dr. D. Elton True
blood, club sponsor, announced yes
terday.
Discussing "Independence Through
â– the Use of a Guide Dog," Mr. Han
ker will tell the club of the prob
lems in using a guide dog and the
use guide dogs are to the blind.
Mr. Hanker was an engineer with
the Westinghouse Company on the
East Coast for 34 years before los
ing his sight. He has been at Stan
ford for the last two years except
last winter when he went to Port
land. Ore., to act as consulting en
gineer.
"Bella," a five-year-old German
shepherd, helps her master through
intelligence and devotion beyond
any human qualities to lead an ac
tive, normal life.

Pioneer Class of Stanford was
graduated, in May 1895.
