# DR. DANFORTH ILL
## 
### 
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
Dr. C. H. Danforth of the anatomy
department was admitted to the Palo 1
Alto Hospital yesterday. Suffering I
from ulcers, he was given a trans- j
fusion. His condition was reported !
as. good.
