# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
Congressman Jack
Andsrson is young in
years — yet comfort
ingly mature in ex
perience. He's proved
his thorough honesty
— in words, thoughts
and aetion. Integrity
plus experience is
your best assurance
of outstanding rep
resentation in Wash-
