# Untitled Article
## 
### 

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.

VERN JONES, star Stanford ath
lete. who is competing in the
Ames, lowa, Olympic wrestling
trials. If he wins, he will repre
sent the United States and Stan
ford at the Olympic Games this
summer in Europe.
