# SPRING, SHOW
## 
### 
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
Spring Show directors have an
nounced a change in rehearsal
schedule for can-can dancers.
Beverly Jacobs, Jean Brown, and
Susan Ray will meet tonight in the
women's gym at 7:43 with dance di
rectors Midi Sawyer and Carol El
ler.
