# Appointments in Entomology.
## 
### 
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
11. E. Snodgrass, '01, at present
professor of entomology in Wash
ington Agricultural College, will be
instructor in Entomology at Stan
ford beginning next semester.
Snodgrass bas already won recog
nition by bis numerous published
scientific papers. He was a mem
ber of tbe Hopkins-Stanford expe
dition to tbe Oialapagos Islands in
tbe summer of 1899, and bis large
collections have greatly increased
tbe faunal knowledge of those bio
logically interesting islands.
Miss Isabel McCracken will

spend the summer in an investiga
tion of the distribution and life
history of the malaria-bearing
mosquitos of California, as special
assistant, under a Carnegie Insti
tution grant, to Dr. L. O. Howard,
government entomologist. Mfss
McCracken has studied California
mosquitos for the past year, dis
covering one new species of the
malaria-breeding genus Anopheles
and several of the less noxious
genus Culex.
