# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
—"The Western Novel," an article
l>y Prof. A.G. Newcomer, appeared
in the editorial supplement of last
Sunday's Call.
