# Tryouts
## 
### 
AXE SOCIETY
Axe Society interviews will be
held from 3:15 to 5:30 p.m. today
in Room 10 of the Women's Club
house. Sign-up lists are at the
ASSU office.
C ONCERT SERIES
The ASSU Concert Series staff
will interview applicants for the
position of assistant manager this
afternoon from 1 to 5, or at any
other time by appointment, in the
Concert Series office in the Ni
tery.
Assistant managers run the of
fice, do the bookkeeping and man
age the performances. The posi
tion is open to freshmen, sopho
mores and juniors and the assist
ant is eligible to become concert
manager in the following year.
STANFORD FLAYERS
Tryouts for Stanford Players'
first spring production, Ibsen's
"The Wild Duck," will be held
this afternoon from 4 to 6 in
Room 205 of Memorial Audito
rium and also this evening from
7:30 to 10.
Speaking parts are available
for 12 men and three women and
there are also several non-speak
ing parts. Preliminary readings
will also bo held for Shaw's "Cae
sar and Cleopatra."
