# Spring Show Musical Auditions Start Tomorrow for Leads, Chorus, Dancers
## 
### 
Try outs for this year's spring
showâ€”"Out of This World" by
Cole Porter will get under way
tomorrow from 7:30 to 10 p.m. in
Room 205, Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouts will also be field Thurs
day night on the same schedule.
Holes to be cast are ihose of
ilelen and Art O'Malley, an Amer
ican couple honeymooning in
Greece; Juno, Jupiter's wife;
Chloe, a peasant girl who is aJ
ways chasing men; and Diana,
Venus and Minerva.
Parts for men include Jupiter;
Mercury; Niki Skolianos, a mod

ern Greek racketeer; Apollo, Bac
chus and Mars.
There are two featured dance
parts for a male, Strephen, and
a female, Night. Also open are
parts in the chorus of gods and
goddesses as well as the chorus
of mortals.
