# THE 						YARDSTICK
## 
### 
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
Statistics from Saturday's lilt
show that in all departments the
Bruins had the long end of the
stick.
In running, the Indians made
17!) while the Bruins were mak
ing 303; the Bruins hist 38, the
Indians 21, for a net of 155 bli
the Indians and 2(i5 for the
Bruins.
The Indians tried 27 aerial
throws, completing 10 and having
1 intercepted. The Bruins tried
12, made 8 good, and also had 1
intercepted. Net yardage in the
air was 143 for the Uclans and
115 for Stanford.
The Bruins made IS first downs
to the Indian 10, and the Red
skins lost the ball on downs 4
times to the Bruins' one time.
U.C.L.A. fumbled seven times,
losing the ball on five of them,
while the Indians fumbled six
times, losing the ball but twice.
