# Co-Rec Com Plans Spring Carnival
## 
### 
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
Tli" Co Ree Committer plan" to
welcome vacationing student l ; back
tn campus wilh the Co-Pec Carnival,
an informal dance to be held the
fir:.l part of Spring Quarter.
The evening will also include
swimming, bridge, ping-pong, square
dancing, and exhibits and entertain
ment by the organization's member
clubs. Joan Knunson of Ventura is
the general chairman for the event.
