# BLANDING TO SPEAK MONDAY
## 
### 
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
Don Qlanding, known as 'Pot t
Laureate of California," will speak
at the Palo Alto Church ol Reli
gious Scieinee, :i(Jl Hamilton Ave
nue, at H p.m. Monday. His topic
will be "Joy Is an Inside Job." The
public is invited.
