# Kinsman Wins Chem Tennis Championship
## 
### 
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
Completing a month and a half
of preliminaries, Si Kinsman, popu
lar laboratory instructor, became
tennis champion of the chemistry
department by defeating Walt
Prather, chem major, in the first
tournament ever held in this depart
ment.
Sixteen faculty members, students
and majors in chemistry entered the
tournament. The show of interest
this year indicates that the chem
tennis tourney will become an an
nual affair.
