# HITLER MOURNS DRIVER
## 
### 
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
MUNICH, Germany, May 19 (/P).
—Adolf Hitler, white and visibly
shaken, today buried the only man
he trusted to drive his motor cars—
Julius Schreck.
