# MIXED DOUBLES OFF
## 
### 
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
Due to a lack of interest among
the men, it has been decided to
cancel mixed doubles tennis this
year. This decision was made by
the women, who declared that the
men would probably fail to show up
for their matches.
