# Sophomore Women To Picnic Tomorrow
## 
### 
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
Sophomore women will go to
Searsville Lake on Thursday for a
class picnic, according to Cynthia
Coonley, chairman of the sophomore
committee. Beginning at 4 o'clock,
participants may swim or canoe un
til 6 o'clock, when supper will be
served.
Tickets are 35 cents and may be
obtained from Jean Hemphill, or
any member of the committee, rep
resentatives from which are in each
living group. The tickets include
admission to the lake, and must be
presented at the gate at time of en
trance. Cynthia Coonley is in charge
of transportation, and may be reach
ed at the Tri-Delt house. Hot dogs
and ice cream will be served for
supper.
