# Fatal Shots
## 
### 

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.

PEOPLE'S PARK-Pol ice fire at rooftop demonstrators during last spring's Berkeley protests. Tie circle highlights what
the photographer claims to be injured James Rector. Rector later died and became the only fatality of the police-student
clashes.
