# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
"I'MI SATISFIED"
AND SO YOU WILL BE
WHEN YOU TASTE
WHOOPEE'S
HAMBURGERS, WAFFLES,
SANDWICHES AND DRINKS
ft
Whoopee Coffee
Shop
624 High St. P.A. 22423
STRIKE!
There's fun ahead for
the group that bowls
here. Join in the fun
for a pleasant evening.
Come down and get on
the Stanford ladder.
COLLEGE
BOWLING ALLEY
443 EMERSON
