# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
SPECIAL STAFF LUNCH
There will be a special
staff lunch today to ask
questions of the candidates
for Editor of Vol. 164. The
election will be held next
Tuesday. All staff members
are urged to attend today's
lunch
