# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
Pi Lambda Theta, national
honorary education fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Nanette Ash by
Elizabeth Hall
Marjorie Ley
Viola Lyon
Isa Reed
Helen Smith
Helen Thomas
Mary Ward
Dr. Maud Merrill
Associate
