# FOOTBALL MANAGER TRYOUTS ARE OPEN
## 
### 
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
\ll freshmen desiring to tryout for
sophomore football manager next fall 1
should report to the Board of Athletic
Control building at 1(1 o'clock of the
morning of September 15, in order to !
be on hand tor the opening practice,
announces John Mitchell, senior man
ager. j:
j A sophomore managership fulfills ;
{the lower division physical education
| requirement. The tryoutces are re- !
.quired to report three afternoons a
week from 4 to 6 o'clock.
