# Maurine Voerge Chosen Theta Sigma Phi Head
## 
### 
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
Maurine Voerge, '23, was elected pres
ident of Theta Sigma Phi, women's
national honorary journalistic frater
nity, at a meeting held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. The
other officers elected for the coming
year were: Marion Potter, '22, vice
president ; Rosemary Drachman, '22,
secretary; Mollie Windish, '23, treas
urer; Mary Jane Clark, '22, Keeper of
Archives.
