# NATIONAL Y.W.C.A. CONCLAVE DESCRIBED BY EDNA HAWKENSON
## 
### 
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
Edna Hawkenson, '22, outlined the
work of the Y. W. C. A. national con
vention at Hot Springs, April 20 to
27. to the Advisory Board and cabinet
members of the local association at
the cabinet meeting Thursday evening
in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Hawkenson attended the conference as
the Stanford delegate and as the stu
dent representative from the Pacific
field on the national Finance Com
mission.
The convention voted to reduce the
national Y. W. C. A.budget to two
million dollars, and to make the stu
dent associations responsible for the
greater part of their expenss. The
eleven fields in the student organiza
tion were reduced to six; the Pacific
field now includes Arizona and Ne
vada, the Pacific Coast from Southern
California to Canada, and the Hawaii
an Islands.
Mrs. Frederick Paist, who is Presi
dent Wilbur's sister, was re-elected
president of the National Y. W. C. A.,
to serve for the next two years.
The Advisory Board entertained the
cabinet members at dinner preceding
the meeting.
