# Stanford Pistol Team Wins Telegraphic Meet
## 
### 
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
With a final score of 30.31 to 2950, the
Stanford Pistol team scored a victory
over the ten marksmen representing Ala
bama Polytechnic Institute in a dual
shoot concluded yesterday. However,
matters were evened up when a five-man
team of the National Military Academy
at West Point won from Stanford's
quintet by a score of 2077 to 1935.
Seven men of the Stanford team shot
scores of 300 or better, which is consid
ered excellent marksmanship. G. S.
Drysdale, '22, was high man of both
contests.
