# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunchcs
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
