# It's the Top
## 
### 

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.

ANN GOSSINGtR wears a
black dancing hat trimmed
with French blue flowers
and black speckled veil
from I Magnin's.
