# Airplane Portfolio Carries Stationery
## 
### 
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
The '"Air Portfolio" is a gaily col
ored .stationery box with a pad of
thin paper fastened to its cover.
The portfolio also contains enve
lopes, a pencil with a magnifying
glass handle, and a pocket for
stamps. Price is $3.75 in New York
shops.
