# Tailored Simplicity Can't Miss
## 
### 

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.

BECAUSE WELL-CUT suits which depend on line and tai
loring are always good, Dotty Dickinson (seated) smiles
as she models a three-piece Glen plaid suit, with brown
background and green and yellow threadings. Betty jane
Tweedy (standing) is equally pleased with her briar-root
brown camel's hair suit with full-length fitted coat. —
Walters.
