# PERSIAN LAMB AGAIN
## 
### 
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
Persian lamb is back in style—not
that it ever went out. Wear a coat
of it or have a suit trimmed with it
and carry a muff to match. Have
what's left over put on your hat.
