# COVER
## 
### 
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
Cover photograph on the current
Daily Fashion Edition shows Senior
Class President Bill Cowden chatting
with Paula Stephenson. Both are in
heavy white cable-stitch sweaters
from Boos Brothers. Paula's color
ful plaid skirt is also from Poos'.
