# LONG AND SHORT OF IT
## 
### 
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
Short sleeves and long gloves will
go together this season. Wear them
not only with formals but on dressy
afternoons.
