# Tea Frocks—Black, Bewitching
## 
### 

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.

SYLVIA BERRY, left, shows a severe black crepe, with tiny
collar and cuffs encrusted with gold beading and seed
pearls. Eleanor Watson is in black crepe with a pleated
skirt, jet-bead trim at the neckline.—Ransohoff's.
