# NEWS IN COMPACTS
## 
### 
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
Along the gift row, there's a com
pact that really makes news. Il
sports a linoleum cover and comes
equipped with a tool so the receiver
can carve what she will on the id.
