# Dr. Durand Given Engineering Honors
## 
### 
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
Dr. William F. Durand, professor
emeritus of mechanical engineering
and internationally noted scientist,
was awarded the John Fritz gold
medal, highest of American engi
neering honors in *Tew York Thurs
day.
He was cited in the award as an
"authority in hydrodynamic and
aerodynamic science and in its prac
tical application, and an outstanding
leader in research and in engineer
ing education." f
