# Seven Grid Teams Lose Clean Slates
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (/P).—Em
erging from the first half of a foot
bull campaign signalized by heavy
casualties among title contenders on
the field but also marked by a re
turn of prosperity at the box of
fices, the chief survivors in the
countrywide battle for collegiate
championship honors point toward a I
series of decisive engagements next j
Saturday.
Seven major teams with perfect!
records up to yesterday now are I
among the beaten majority, includ- j
ing Yale, Penn State, and Villanova !
of the Eastern brigade, Purdue in !
the Middle West, Mississippi and j
Georgia of the Southern forces and i
California in the Far West.

Rayon yarn is being made from !
slash pine by the state experimental j
station at Georgia Tech, and re- i
search workers are studying possi- 1
bilities of its commercial produc- '
tion.
