# Made 80 Yds.
## 
### 

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.

Bobby Grayson carried the ball
21 times for gains of 80 yards,
while Washington's Byran Haines
tried nine times and made 58
yards.
