# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
Patronize Daily Advertisers!
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E, A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Isle of the
Dead
BORIS KARLOFF
MARK CRAMER
ELLEN DREW
"Zombies on
Broadway 1 '
WALLY BROWN
ALLEN CARNEY
BELLA LUGOSI
alii
Joan Fontaine
Mark Stevens
in
From This
Day Forward
with
Henry Morgan
Arline Judge
—also—
Out of the Funnies
onto the Screen
"DICK TRACY"
Morgan Conway
Anne Jeffreys
