# Former Professor In Prison as Conchie
## 
### 
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
Don C. DcVault, formerly a
Stanford University professor en
gaged in physical ehemistry re
search, has been described as a
"conscientious-objector martyr."
At present lie is serving his
second prison term for having re
fused to work in a labor gang at
the Minersvillc conscientious ob
jectors' camp after his request
for detached service to continue
advanced experiments on peni
cillin had been turned down.
The matter was brought to light
yesterday when some released
"conchies" went before Congress
to charge that men in the CPS
camps were forced, because of
their beliefs, to work in "almost
concentration-camp conditions."
