# THIEF COPS PLANE
## 
### 
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
EVERETT, Wash., May 23 (UP).
—Snohomish airport officials were
keeping their eyes peeled into the
great blue yonder today on the
lookout for an airways thief. Offi
cials reported to the Snohomish
County sheriff's office that a four
place Waco airplane with gas tanks
full and capable of a 700-mile flight
had been stolen from the airport.
