# Adv. 39 Page 10
## 
### 
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
iDune
Immediate openings lor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs. returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
\womBs
temporaries
Town and Country
ViNage
Palo Alto
t 328-0300.-.
V— & I
