# A-P-A-C-H-E!
## 
### 

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu

RIGHT OFF THE LEFT BANK—These denizens of the Paree
underworld have come up from their caves to attend Theta Xi's
Apache Dance. The all-campus costume dance is scheduled for
Saturday night from 9 to 1 at the Theta Xi house. Admission
and refreshments will be free. —Daily photo by Don Cheu
