# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
I
!
The smart head wears V
the small felt in the \
colors that match her
costume — chosen from
the immensely varied
assortment, the Hat Shop
has—at
| : 6.75
H .LIEBES GbCQ
GRANT AVE AT POST
San Francisco
l|i ■ 11
