# Lost and Found Department Makes Plea for Bureau Use
## 
### 
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
"All articles lost or found on the
campus, except at the stadium, should
be reported to the Lost and Found
window at the Cashier's Office," ac
cording to D. W. Irwin, head book
keeper. Anything found at the stadium
should be turned in to the Graduate
Manager.
Every attempt is made by the Lost
and Found to return all identifiable
articles to their owners without delay,
but whatever is without marks of
identification must be claimed at the
Cashier's Office.
