# Stanford Church to Hold Communion Celebration
## 
### 
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
Celebration of the Holy Communion
will be held following the regular
service of Divine Worship and Sermon
in the Memorial Church at 11 o'clock
Sunday morning. Morning Chapel is
scheduled for 7:50 o'clock.
