# Adv. 51 Page 13
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
The Stanford Fund
We seek 40 articulate and ener
getic students to expand an excit
ing fundraising program. As a
Stanford Student Caller, you will
contact Stanford alumni and ask
for annual contributions to the
University. $7.60/ hr plus bonus
es. Flexible hours, valuable
experience. Must have excellent
phone presence and communica
tions skills. Please contact Mary
Ellen Simoni at 725-0996 for more
information.
Sales-inside: enthusiastic part time
sales agents needed, base + com
mission. Great opportunity. Dollar
Rent A Car 415-856-4100
TRAVEL ABROAD AND WORK.
Make up to $2,000-$4,000+/ mo.
teaching basic conversational
English in Japan, Taiwan, or S.
Korea. No teaching background or
Asian languages required. For
information call: (206)632-1146
ext. J60172.
Adm Asst.-Local Summer Camp
Seasonal job (March 1 - August
15). 2-4 flexible hours/day.
$10.00/ hr. Involves data entry on
Mac. Requires amiable, intelligent
phone communicaion with parents
of campers. Call Rich at Decathlon
Sports Club (415) 365-8638.
HOUSING
Brand new condominium,2BÃŸ/
2&1/2BA with free bus transp. to
university. 1 year lease $2200/ mo
incl. hot water, cable, washer,
dryer, refr., pool, A/C,hot tub, wall
to wall carpeting, underground
parking. Hans 415-366-2874
Roommate wanted ASAP to share
clean 2BFI/2BA apt.in Sharon Hts.
Strg,DW,mcr,heat/AC,pool,rec.rm.
Close to Stanford $600/ mo 415-
854-8123
LESSONS
Math/Physics tutoring! Exp.Ph.D.
student.All 1eve15.(415)497-7560
