# Alum Ortiz named to top Mexican post
## 
### Burt Herman Staff writer 
As the Mexican economy is
thrown into crisis by a massive de
valuation of the peso, the Mexican
government is turning to a Stan
ford-educated economist to help
lead their country back to finan
cial stability.
Guillermo Ortiz, a banking
specialist who earned a doctorate
in economics from Stanford in
1977, was appointed to the post of
finance minister by Mexican Pres
ident Ernesto Zedillo last month.
The peso lost more than 35 per
cent of its value after Zedillo de
cided to lift controls on the cur
rency Dec. 20. Many fear that the
instability of the Mexican econo
my could lead to a disruption of
the North American Free Trade
