# SURE CURE
## 
### 
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
Tired of that raspy voice after
football games? The instructions to
rooters in the 1933 Big Game ad
vised them to pitch their voices
high, forcing the sound against the
teeth.
