# Eight Players In Pro Ranks
## 
### 
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
Eight former Bears and Cards are
currently in the ranks of pro foot
ball. Five of them are from Stan- '
lord and three from Ca 1. The most j
reeent are Jim Monachino and Pete ;
Schabarum (Cal *51) and Bob White I
(Stanford '51), who are all team- :
mates on the San Francisco '49ers. j
Frank Albert, Norm Standlee, and
Bruno Banducci, members of the
famous Stanford "Vow Boy" team
of 1940, are also with the '49ers. !
