# Feature Beautiful Floats In 1930 Ballyhoo Parade
## 
### 
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
Marching to the staccato roar of Of
ficer Olsen's motorcycle and the im
perial strains of the Stanford band, a
monstrous parade toured the campus
yesterday noon In an effort to bally
hoo the junior opera, prom, water
sports carnival, and junior week in
general.
A number of beautiful floats were
prepared for the display. Members of
the Stanford band filled the first, and
the other float was occupied by the
bearded lady, fat boy, tattooed man,
and other freaks from the cast of
"Moving On." A long line of campus
vehicles drew up the rear.
