# Emphasis On Athletics At Stanford Is Debate Topic
## 
### 
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
The subject, "Resolved, That Ath
letics Are Over-emphasized at Stan
ford," will be the topic of a debate
between Wranglers and Euphronia
societies at 7:4f> tomorrow evening in
the Women's Clubhouse.
Violet Crosbie and Helen Smith, of
Wranglers Society, will uphold the
affirmative, and will be opposed by
Leon Carley and Donald Galbraith of
Euphronia. Miss Crosbie is president
of Wranglers and is well-known in
women's debating. Carley is a varsity
debater and is at present coach of the
freshman debating team, while Gal
braith was elected to the society this
quarter and will make his first ap
pearance Thursday.
The public Is invited to attend the
debate, announces Wagner d'Alessio,
president of Euphronia Society.
