# Rev. A.W. Palmer to Preach Sunday.
## 
### 
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Church,
Oakland, will be the special preacher
at thp University Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
