# Dr. Jordan Will Return Friday.
## 
### 
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
After spending three weeks in the
East attending a meeting of the Car
negie Foundation Committee for the
Advancement of Teachers at New York
City and confering with the Fish Com
mission and President Taft. at Wash
ington, President. Jordan will return
to the campus on Friday morning.
Dr. Jordan, however, will remain on
the campus only a few days before he
will again journey to the Eastern
States.
