# Final Vesper Service To-morrow.
## 
### 
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
Vesper Service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:MO. As this is the last service
tliis semester, Chaplain D. Charles
Gardner urges a large attendance.
