# SAUCE BOX SWAN SONG
## 
### 
The days are growing long! The
hands on Big or Little Ben barely
move this week. Next week they will
seem to stop dead. But the last day
of the spring semester of 1916 will
come like a clap of thunder. And
then—
A half-week of grace, a six-day
period of concentration, and the swan
song of the college year—a cry of
freedom.
Following a summer of many things,
will come a new year of Stanford, the
first of what might be called the new
era. There will be classes at 8
o'clock, sessions on Saturday morning
in many cases, and a period set aside
for student activiitcs every Thursday
at 11:15.
The novelty of the change will fade
quietly away as does the stiffness of
a new pair of shoes. With wear, the
squeak, too, will vanish, and on a
firmer, stouter sole, Stanford will
enter the age of greater learning.
