# Two Stanford Men Are Married.
## 
### 
J. E. McDowell, '00, assistant
registrar, during the summer re
cess was married to Miss Alice 10.
Nagel, '07. The union was cele
brated during the intermission at
the home of the bride's parents in
Davenport, lowa. The bride was a
member of the RolfeCluband regis
tered in the Mathematics depart
ment.
Elmo C. Cope, '08, the well known
sprinter, was quietly married to
Miss Margaret Williams at San
Rafael, May 14th. The bride was
a San Francisco girl and exceed
ingly popular in her set. The
couple are at present residing in
Oakland where Cope has an in
fluential position with the Oakland
Traction Consolidation. Cope may
return to college later.
