# Regular Sunday Services to Be Held.
## 
### 
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
Services will he held in thechap
el at 11 on Sunday. Dr. D.Charles
Gardner will preach. TheSunday
afternoon service is suspended for
the time being.
