# DAILY Sports
## 
### 

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.

MI K E I) UIIK E T , Stanford's
punting halfback, put on a beau
tiful kicking exhibition for the
Pullman fans last Saturday. Mike
booted one out on the one-yard
line, and consistently used his
educated toe to advantage.
