# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
RE: MOMISM
To the Editor:
In these times of flux and frus
tration there are too many people
embarrassed at a little natural
emotion. As for me, there is noth
ing I so dearly love as a good
dise of old - fashioned sentimental
gush. But who is this Bill Earle
to set himself up and say all this
is no good?
What is so reassuring, when your
world is cracking at the seams and
crinkling on the edges, than to re
member that Mom is still there?
Has she no place? Have we not
time for a minute to think of her?
Mr. Earle has gone too far; he has
trampled on the American way.

From Lycurgus to Hitler there have
been such practical guys trying to
get rid of Mom. Will it happen
here?
Remember the Spartans!
Remember the Nazi Youth gangs!
Remember Mothers' Day, May 10.
WILLIAM C. JONES
