# Student Population Hits All-Time High
## 
### 
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
Student population at Stanford
reached an all-time high at 10
a.m. Saturday when the 8,245 th
student registered. While the un
dergraduate enrollment is lower
than last year, the number of
graduate students registering for
autumn quarter has more than
made up the difference. A com
plete breakdown of registration
figures will be released by the
Registrar's Office later today.
