# Weak Coast Bows Down To Potent Big Nine Again
## 
### 
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
Pacific Coast football took it on
the nose again this weekend, as the
Big Nine once again established its
superiority over the Far West.
Ohio State had no trouble in run
ning up a 20 to 0 win over Jeff
Cravath's USC Trojans, who turned
in a disgraceful, almost ridiculous
afternoon of football. They fum
bled, dropped passes, and played
ike a bunch of boobs in front of
75.000 fans in Columbus, Ohio.
Webfeet Come Close
Oregon fared a little better
r.gainst Michigan, but wilted also
when the Midwesterners put on the

crush to win 14 to 0. Oregon does
deserve credit for making a fight
out of it. Norm Van Brocklin, the
Northwest's nominee for All-
American, impressed Ann Arbor
patrons with his deadly passing and
long punting.
In four contests between the Pa
cific Coast and the Big Nine this
season, the Coasteis have gone hit
less. They have drawn a perfect
blank.
Washington was shut out by
Minnesota, 19 to 0. Northwestern
did the same thing to UCLA, and
now, USC and Oregon have failed
to score against Big Nine compe
tition.
Bears Meet Wisconsin
The composit scoring adds up to
72 to none. The only possible
change to that lisit wlil be made
next Saturday when Cal meets
Wisconsin and on New Year's Day.
For the Coast, it looks as if Cali
fornia will get a double nod to try
whittling down the Midwest to
Coast-size. Pappy Waldorf's men
will get their toughest test next
Saturday against Wisconsin. But to
date, the Bears are undefeated.
