# Daily to Print Job Openings
## 
### 
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
In order to keep Stanford stu
dents better informed as to
part-time and odd job opportu
nities, The Daily will offer a
new service. Starting tomor
row, look at the bottom of the
Job Interviews column for rep
resentative examples of jobs
available at the Student Em
ployment Office.
