# Quad Senior Pics to End
## 
### 
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
Color pictures of seniors are
being taken for tlie Quad of
Florence Moore, Row, Union,
Toyon, Stern, fraternity and
off - campus students today at
the Quad office. Men's dress is
coat and tie; women's dress is
colored blouse or sweater. Sit
tings are from 9:30 to 5:15.
Pre-Reg Committee pictures
will be taken tonight at 7 in
the Nitery. Quad clothes 1 .
Seniors are reminded that to
morrow is the last day of tak
ing of color pictures for the
1959 Quad.
