# Program for Reception Augmented.
## 
### 
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
Complete arrangements have now
been made for the program that is to
be rendered at the joint reception to
the entering class given by the Young
Men's Christian Association and the
Young Women's Christian Association
next Saturday evening in Rncina Hall.
Several additions have been made to
the members that will compose the
more formal entertainment of the re
ception. Miss G. R. Marker, '10, has
consented to render a violin solo,
while G. F. Morgan, '10, will give a
humorous monologue. The complete
program includes talks by Dr. .Jordan
and Chaplain D. C. Gardner, solos by
P. F. Pettigrew, '10, Miss G. 1.. Mar
ker, '10, and Miss M. E. Coombe, '11,
and a talk by G. F. Morgan, '10.
The Advisory Board of the Young
Women's Christian Association have
consented to act as the patronesses of
the evening. Special souvenirs have
been supplied by the committee in
charge of the reception for all those
who attend.
