# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
The decision of the Executive Com
mittee to hold a competitive try-out
for the selection of Assistant Yell
Leaders furnishes the best means oi
filling these positions. Much of the
enthusiasm and spirit shown by the
Stanford rooters during the present
year will depend upon llie energy and
ability of the men who lead the songs
and yells on the bleachers. On this
account the committee in charge
should conduct a thorough try-out of
all the candidates before making the
recommendations to the Executive
Committee, and there should be suf
ficient material from which to make
the selection. Every man who pos
sesses ability in this particular activ
ity should consult with A. E. Ehrhorn
and arrange for a try-out.
E. H. Harriman, railroad president
and financier, died at his home in
Arden, N. Y., late this afternoon.
