# Bishop Fallows to Preach Sunday.
## 
### 
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
The preacher at. next Sunday's serv
ice in the University Chapel will I>p
Mishop Fallows, of Chicago. Heing
noted as one of the most liberal
minded ministers in Chicago, his
presence here will undoubtedly at
tract interest.
