# Examinations in Law Courses.
## 
### 
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
Beginning to-morrow the exami
nations given by the Law depart
ment for all those who were con
ditioned last year will be held ac
cording to the schedule printed be
low. If any conflicts occur in the
schedule they should be reported
at once to the faculty of the de
partment.
Friday, September 9th, 1:30 to
5:30, Torts, Pleading; Saturday,
September 10th, 8:15 to 12:15, Co
ntracts, Equity I; 1:30 to 5:30,
Property I, Criminal Law; Mon
day, September 12th, 2:30 to 5:30,
Elementary Law.
