# RIVERA WONDERS IF HE'S WANTED; ASKS ARMY, NAVY HEADS
## 
### 
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
MADRID, Jan. 26. (TP) —General
Primo de Rivera, premier and dic
tator of Spain, growing impatient
at reports at home and abroad of
the weakness of his government
and of impending trouble, today
(ailed upon the army and navy
which had placed him in power to
say flatly whether he should con
tinue liis efforts to govern the
land.
The Premier issued a formal
note to the heads of the army,
navy, and civil guards at 4 a.m.
today, seemingly impulsively, for
he had given no previous indica
tion of any such intention. With a
dramatic gesture he said he would
resign within live minutes should
the reply be that he is no longer
wanted.
A group of the highest army of
ficials stationed in Madrid met to
night to discuss the matter, but
made no announcement. The full
responses may not be known for
several days.
