# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
California produces an excess of
$6,000,000 worlh of tomatoes an
nually.
