# Encina Holds Auto Show In Lobby; Sponsors Ired
## 
### 
Automobile shows for the 1930
season were inaugurated last night
at Encina, when several unknown
inmates exhibited a typical cam
pus model in the hall lobby, there
by beating the time of the better
known show in San Francisco by
six days. 'The exhibition was at
tended by an interested audience
of several scores of freshmen, who
inspected the machine thoroughly,
expressing high approval of the
horn in particular.
The show was raided later in
the evening by sponsors, who
claimed it. was indecent, illegal,
and "unbecoming to Stanford gen
tlemen." Upon their order tin* car
was removed from the lobby, end
ing one of the greatest spectacles
in the history of the hall."
