# WILBUR AND SWAIN TO AID CALIFORNIA COLLEGE IN CHINA
## 
### 
President Wilbur and Acting
President Swain, among other
prominent educators in California
colleges have accepted requests to
act on the advisory board of a pro
posed project for a California Col
lege in China. A campaign to raise
a $t;i)0,0()0 foundation fund has
been organized to accomplish the
idea, which is planned in conjunc
tion with extension of scope of the
present North China Union Lan
guage School in Peking.
Under the proposed plan, Cali
fornia students will be able to ac
quire a groundwork in Chinese
economics, culture, and practice,
and organizers of the idea believe
thai the establishment of the col
lege will aid mutual understanding
across the Pacific.
