# Jr. College Choirs Stage Programs in Choral Festival
## 
### 
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
A selection by the choir of each
"'sitine junior college constituted
the program of the afternoon ses
sion ul the fifteenth annual Choral
Festival Monday afternoon in Cub
berley Auditorium-
The feature of the evening per
formance at Memorial Church was
a selection from Handel's "Samson,"
presented by the combined festival
chorus and brass choir directed by
Harold C. Schmidt.
Opening address of the evening
service was delivered by Louis B.
Lundborg, vice-president of Stan
lord.
