# 'Strike Me Pink' Is Sunday Movie
## 
### 
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
The Goldwyn girls decorate ihe
Sunday Evening Movies for the
first time this year in "Strike Me
Pink." Sam Goldwyn's comedy ex
travaganza.
Bugs Bunny sails the seas in
"Buccaneer Bunny," which will be
shown with another chapter of "The
Crimson Ghost."
