# Students Warned Of Impersonator
## 
### 
Posing as a Stanford student oi' a
speech correction class, a young man
with a bad case of stuttering lias
been selling magazine subscriptions
in Peninsula towns under false pro
lenses. University officials warned
yesterday.
The man represents himself as a
Stanford student assigned to sell
magazines as a part of "Mr. Price's
speech class." He explains that this
experience is supposed to help him
overcome a bad case of stuttering.
Apparently the impersonator is
soliciting through a legitimate agen
cy, and subscribers may yet their
magazines, but he is definitely not
a member ot any Stanford speech
class. University officials stressed.
Anyone approached by the man is
asked to notify Stanford police.
