# Catholic Club to Hold Nickel Dance on Friday
## 
### 
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
The Junipero Serra Club will hold
an informal reception fgr all new
Catholic students on the campus this
Friday evening. At 9 o'clock the affair
will take on the appearance of a nickel
crawl, when the doors will be thrown
open to "queeners," at five cents a
dance. The money received will be set
aside as the nucleus of a building fund
for a Catholic clubhouse on the cam
pus.
