# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
A new industry is being tried out at
Merced, California. About two hundred
silk worms have been imported from
China, and it is hoped to start a silk
industry.
