# SPECIAL NOTICE
## 
### 
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
LOST —Man's gray glove, right hand,
at Quad dance. Please leave at. Busi
ness Office.
LOST—A gold watch. Return to A.
Preston Holt.
