# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Janet Tuttle, '58,
to Peter Knoblock, University of
Michigan '56, Psychology Ph.D.
candidate.
