# German Dinners To Begin Tonight
## 
### 
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
Tho International Center will
conduct its first weekly German
language dinner tonight at (5 for
German and American students
interested in improving their con
versational ability. Signup lists
will be posted at the"I" Center
and dinners will cost 75 cents.
