# Mural Wrestling
## 
### 
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
7:oo—Kistler - Willemja; Moo-
Staten; Ekren - Carmlohael; Ab
bett-Gaffinett.
7:15 Altshuler • Lamb; Ely-
Sheahan; Loren/inni-Twist; Per
ry-Plasket.
7:30 —Biggs - Alverez; Bohn-
Montgomery; Iverson - Gentry;
MoDonald-Bing.
7:45- Junker - Roe; Hamilton-
Clotfelter; Demuth - Smith, G.;

Gold-Clohan.
8:00 — AH rep • Rudd; Rishop-
Glassoe; Pollack-Nagely; Harieh-
Watson.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge requested that all wres
tlers bo ready five minutes ahead
of time. Those who have not
weighed in must do so at the
wrestling room before their first
match.
