# KZSU Will Seek New Sadies Today
## 
### 
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
Stanford Sadie will highlight the
evening's program schedule when
KZSU returns to the air Monday
night to broadcast from 7 to 11.
According to Station Manager
Dick Gross, new KZSU staff mem
bers, as always, are welcome. Try
out:? for announcers and for the
new Stanford Sadie will be held
this afternoon from 3 to 6 and to
morrow morning from 10 to 12.
Anyone interested in trying out for
the:;e or any other positions on the
staff may come into the KZSU stu
dio at that time to be interviewed.
KZSU will continue its policy of
presenting programs of varied con
tent aimed at the interests of Stan
lord students. Portions of the pro
gram schedule will be devoted to
classical music, jazz, drama, news,
and sports.
