# FACULTY COMMITTEE CHANGES ANNOUNCED
## PROFESSOR WOODWARD IS NEW HEAD OF STUDENT AFFAIRS. STOLZ PUT ON ATHLETIC BOARD PERSONNEL OF MOST COMMITTEES ALTERED FOR COMING YEAR. 
### 
Changes in the Faculty Committee
on Student Affairs which are of great
interest and importance to the Stan
ford campus have just been an
nounced. Professor F. C. Woodward,
the dean of the Law Department, will
act as chairman for the ensuing year,
1914-15, succeeding Professor A. B.
Clark, who has resigned. His assist
ants will be Professors Folsom, Hus
ton, Townley and Wildman.
The vacancies in the Athletic Com
mittee, caused by the resignations of
Professors R. R. Long, the director of
Encina Gymnasium during the past
year, and Professor C. Searles, of the
Department of Romanic Languages,
will be filled by H. R. Stolz, the new
director of Physical Training, and
Professor J. P. Smith, of the Depart
ment of Paleontology.
The committee on Public Exercises
remains unchanged, Professors Treat,
Carruth, Gray, Peirce and Seward
being still active.
Professors R. M. Alden and E. E.
Robinson, of the Departments of
English Literature and History, re
spectively, are named to succeed Pro
fessor P. A. Martin upon the Literary
Contest Committee.
The positions 01 Professor C. H.
Gilbert, of the Zoology Department
and Professor R. R. Long, of the Pub
lic Health Committee, will be assumed
by Professor C. D. Mosher, the di
rector of Roble Gymnasium, and H. R.
Stolz.
Professor F. C. Woodward is an
nounced as the successor of Professor
A. M. Cathcart, of the Law Depart
ment, on the Committee of Delinquent
Scholarship, while Professor R. M.
Alden will succeed Professor Searles
on the Department of Public Enter
tainments.
The Committee on Vocational Guid
ance has beene changed by the ap
pointment of Professor M. S. Wildman
of t.he Economics Department, to the
former position of Professor G. H.
Sabine, of the Department of Philos
ophy.
Many changes are also found in the
new list of Academic committees. The
names of Professor C. D. Marx, of the
Department of Civil Engineering, and
Professor M. S. Wildman have been
added to the Executive Committee
while those of Professors Clark, Fair
clmigh and Woodward are absent. Pro
fessor A. B. Show, of the History De
partment, and Professor S. D. Town
ley, of the Mathematics Department
succeed Professor E. W. Martin, of
the Department of Greek, and Pro-
fessor Colbert Searles on the Commit
teee of Assistance and Advanced
Standing.
The Registration Committee will be
assisted by Professor P. E. Davidson
of the Education Department, and
Professor G. C. Price, of the Depart
ment of Zoology, in the places of Pro
fessors H. C. Moreno, of the Mathe.
niatics Department, and Professor E
W. Smith, of the department of Eng
lish Literature, who have resigned.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Department of Economics, will be the
new chairman of the Graduation Com
mittee, with the other members of the
committee retained.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Greek
Department, is announced as the
chairman of the Schedule and Exam
ination Committee, from which Pro
fessor R. W. Doane, of the Entomologj
Department, has resigned.
The personnel of the Graduate Study
Committee remains unchanged, with
the exception that Professor E. D.
Adams, of the History Department, if
named chairman to succeed Professoi
E. D. Franklin, of the Chemistry De
partment, who, however, is .retained
upon the committee.
Professor W. F. Durand, of the de
partment of Mechanical Engineering
and Professor C. H. Gilbert will fil"
the vacancies caused by the resigna
tion of Professors Heath, Ryan ant 1
Sabine, of the Literary Committee.
The only change in the Committee o
University Publications is the naming
of Professor E. D. Adams as successot
of Professor H. R. Fairclough, of the
Department of Latin.
The position of Professor E. R
Drew, of the Department of Physics
upon the Committee of the Recommen
dation of Teachers will be filled by
Professor A. B. Show.
The only chance in the Advisory
Board is in the position of chairman
Professor W. F. Durand succeeding
Professor L. M. Hoskins, who remains
a member of the committee.
