# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.

BOY SCOUTS of the Palo Alto area and members of Alpha Phi Omega, honorary fraternity for former scouts,
built this chapter room in the "old schoolhouse," and are planning to convert the entire building as an area
headquarters.
