# Library Club Meets.
## 
### 
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
At the September meeting of the
Library Club the topic for discus
sion was,"The History of a Book's
Journey from the Publisher's Shelf
to the Hands of a Reader in the
Stanford Library." Miss Anna
Hadden was the leader of the sess
ion. The next meeting will beheld
on October sth.
