# Guild Board Meets.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
At a meeting of the Guild board
Friday night it was decided to allow
the families of faculty members to
join the association. This privi
lege is granted provided that every
member of the family joins. Such
members joining the Guild will be
required to pay the usual fee of $2,
and if taken sick they will have to
pay $1.50 per day for the benefits
of the Guild hospital, instead of
the student fee of $1 per day. Mem
bers of the faculty will be given
several weeks to take advantage of
this opportunity.
