# FOREIGN STUDENTS
## 
### 
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
Foreign students do not need to
report their present address on the
address report cards for Washington,
D.C., unless they have overstayed
their authorized period of admis
sion or have violated any conditions
of their stav, W. M. Waterotis, Coun
selor for Foreign Students, said yes
terday.
