# DEBATE SOCIETY
## 
### 
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
ASSU Debate Society will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's Club

house for those members who could
n't attend the meetinu Mondav.
