# 14 Top Engineers Awarded Money
## 
### 
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
Fourteen top-ranking seniors in
Stanford's School of Engineering
each got a $."50 prize from an
anonymous faculty member at
the end of quarter.
The 14 are: Kenneth M. Ralls,
Gerald A. Coquin, Robert P. Ken
nedy, Scott McClendon, Alan D.
Shocker, Peter Whitehead, War
ren E. Nute. Harry M. Hall Jr..
Vincent L. Martin, Gary Broem
ser, William E. Layman, William
Tiederman, Willy Bjarne lived
ing and Kjell Faye Langeggen.
