# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
The Stanford School of Modi
cine announces iho engagement
of Robert Christiansen, '61, to
Janis Wilcox, 58.
