# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
Senior Movie
The Senior Movie Night,
usually held at Zott’s, has
been moved for this evening’s
special showing to the Roar
ing ’20’s.
In keeping with the eve
ning’s prospective atmos
phere, “A1 Capone” will be
the main feature. For added
enjoyment, entertainment be
tween reels will be provided.
The movie will begin at
9:30 p.m., and any student
with an I.D. is invited.
