# Cards to Meet S.F. State Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford’s wrestling team will
meet San Francisco State tonight
at 7:30 in Encina Gym. According
to reports, the Indians are still
without a participant in the 123-
pound class and will have to for
feit one match.
Probable starters for Stanford
include: Dave Herasmichuk, the
only Indian to win in the Cards’
disastrous encounter with tough
San Jose State, in the 130-pound
division; Lee Stephenson, 137;
John Edmunds. 147; Jon Kay,
157; Steve Meecham, 167, Steve
Sears, 177; and Duncan Ross,
heavyweight.
Joe Rieke may participate in
place of Ross in the heavyweight

division.
San Francisco State will be an
other tough opponent for the In
dians, who are still seeking to
better their only so-so season
record.
