# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes let
ters, columns and editorial
cartoons on topics of in
terest to the Stanford com
munity. Materials submit
ted for publication must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-space line.
