# Dolly splendor
## 
### 
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
Accompanied by the spirited direction of band leader Andy Switky, two of next year's dollies, Arija
Bareikis (left) and Anne O' Brien, entertain the crowd at Saturday's Splendor on the Grass. Five new
dollies made their debut, and a variety of bands entertained a crowd of several hundred during the an
nual bash at Manzanita Park.


Janelle Page/ Daily
