# Hoover Medal To Physicist
## 
### 
The Herbert Hoover Medal
for Distinguished Service, the
highest accolade of the Stanford
Alumni Association, has been
presented to Frederick Sietz,
president of the National Acad
emy of Sciences and newly
elected president of Rockefeller
University.
Seitz, 56, is a native of San
Francisco and an internationally
renowned physicist who received
his A.B. degree in mathematics
from Stanford in 1932. He has
since become the National Acad
emy of Sciences' first full-time
president in 1965 and also has
been chairman of the Defense
Science Board.
Seitz's major scientific re
search interest has been in the
fields of solids and nuclear phys
ics.
