# Guns Stanford Cops LETTER
## 
### 
• Guns, Stanford Cops
Editor, The DAILY
As a recent transfer who is
concerned with the role of cam
pus, I followed your articles on
Stanford's Finest with great in
terest.
What interests me most, how
ever, has not been touched upon,
so I should noW like to raise
publicly the same question I
have been asking privately since
I arrived here. Why do members
of the Stanford University Po
lice Department carry firearms?
I ask this question from two
frameworks.
First, what are the legal prob
lems involved, i.e., can a private
citizen carry a sidearm whenever
he so chooses?
The other framework is the
humanitarian one, i.e., does the
carrying of firearms act as a
successful deterrent to violence
on campus while lowering the
risk of personal injury or prop
erty damage to the University
community?
Oberlin College is located ill a
small Ohio town about 30 miles
south and west of Cleveland. It
is a great Ohio sport for gangs
of youths to roam from one
town to the next for the pur
pose of starting fights.
It was for this reason, coupled

with Oberlin College's proximity
to the Black ghetto that a black
security officer was hired. This
particular man had just been
fired from the town's police
force for killing a man under
questionable circumstances.
With the assassination of Dr.
King, Oberlin saw its racial ten
sins magnified to the point that
the college felt a necessity in
arming its security personnel.
As a result, attributed by
leaders of the Black community,
the level of violence directed
against the college (which was
quite unpopular in the ghetto to
begin with because of its his
tory of truculent behavior to
wards the Black community) in
creased from firecrackers in the
men's quad to attempted fire
bombings and harassment of co
eds in an effort to bring out a
Chicago-type response from the
armed security people.

When I left in May, such a re
sponse had not yet been elicited,
but the level of harassment was
increasing almost directly with
the increase in the number of
armed security people employed.
Why relate this? Because I
cannot help but feel that the
presence of armed security per
sonnel is a temptation for some
persons be they within or from
outside the University communi
ty, to attempt to provoke situ
ations that might elicit police
violence such as that I witnessed
in Chicago or heard about in
Washington, D.C. last October.
FOREST FRANK
• ROTC Survey
Editor, The DAILY
A descriptive survey of three
groups of Stanford male stu
dents was conducted in June this

year by another graduate stu
dent and me. One of the ques
tions asked of the students dur
ing the interview related to the
retention of ROTC at Stanford.
The Control group was a ran
dom selection of 40 male stu
dents. The two test groups, 40
male students each, were drawn
from minority groups on the
Stanford campus. The first was
composed of students in active
opposition to the draft. The sec
ond was a random selection of
ROTC cadets.
A predominance (85 per cent)
of the group representing the
average male students at Stan
ford favored retention of ROTC.
The test groups generally re
sponded as might be anticipated
although each group had its dis
senters. Five anti-draft students
favored retention and two ca
dets were for elimination.
Further insight into the atti

tude toward this issue on Stan
ford campus is gained from a
related query in the survey.
Each respondent was asked to
compare his opinion on ROTC
with what he thought other
Stanford students might reply.
Eighty per cent of the Control
group felt they had expressed
an opinion held by a majority of
their fellow students, and 75
per cent of the ROTC cadets felt
the same. However, 60 per cent
of the Anti-draft students be
lieved they had expressed a mi
nority opinion.
ROBERT BENTLEY
• Smeared
Editor, The Daily:
I strongly object to the recent
debasement of university prop
erty. Not only have football en
thusiastists smeared the campus
with "Beat SC," but some new
group of vandals has been paint
ing "YAWF" on walls. This is
not a bulletin board, but a uni
versity. It's time that those who
are responsible began to realize
that instead of gaining support
for their cause, whatever it is,
they are provoking the anger
and condemnation of the Stan
ford community.
LAURA HILTON
