# Nations Bid For Olympics
## 
### 
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
ROME (/P) Olympic officials
from all over the world gathered
Monday for a two-day mooting to
hoar reports and weigh sugges
tions for cutting both expenses
and the program of the costly
Olympic Games.
Nine members of the executive
board of the International Olym
pic Committee and representa
tives of some 50 national commit
tees held the first session Mon
day.
The delegates will hear bids
from several cities for the HKM
and l9(iM Olympic (James. Tokyo
is the favorite for the 1964,
games. The Japanese have been
making a big pitch all over the
world, in the hope of boating De
troit, Brussels; Vienna and Lau
sanne to the great sports plum.
