# O.A.C. PUBLISHES ILUUSTRATED MAGAZINE FOR VARSITY “O” MEN
## 
### 
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
"Fighting Aggies" will be the title of
a small illustrated publication soon to
be sent out by the Varsity "O" Associ
ation of Oregon Agricultural College to
the alumni members of the Varsity "O."
It will contain the names of the old
lettermen and their addresses as well
as a few personal items regarding each
one.
