# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.

Bud Woodward, the fighting quarter
back, who will pilot the Stanford
eleven.
