# Juniors Start Activity For Interclass Tourney
## 
### 
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
Candidates for the junior class five
in the interclass basketball tourna
ment will meet Monday night in the
Encina gymnasium at 7:15. At that
time a manager will be chosen and
arrangements mkde for a coach.
