# Untitled Article
## 
### 

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.

“Tiny” Thornhill, line coach of the
Stanford varsity, says that the game
will not be a side-show to the rooting
sections.
