# Bond Selected Player of Week
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7 (UP)
—Stanford's scoring ace, forward
Rill Bond. today was selected
Player of the Week by the North
ern California Basketball Writ
ers' Association.
The sharp-shooting senior was
instrumental in the Indians' 60-58
upset win over Oregon State Sat
unlay, in the role of take-charge
guy. lie also netted 17 points.
