# I.S.C Receives 75 Entry Bids
## 
### 
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
Approximately 75 applications for
the European observation trips had
been received by International Sur
vey Committee as the entry period
closed yesterday. From this group,
three times the final number to be
chosen will be selected. This small
er group will be interviewed by a
student-faculty committee of six.
The final group, which will con
sist. of three or four students, will
be announced by the end of this
month, according to Nada Skidmore,
publicity head of I.S.C. They will
undergo an extensive training pro
gram before leaving by plane for
New York around July 1.
Countries tentatively chosen for
student observation are France,
Spain, Palestine, and Greece. Stu
dents will bring back to the campus
written and oral reports on social
and political conditions in these
countries.
