# Metropolitan Star To Give Concert
## 
### 
Jussi Bjoerling, the Metropolitan
and San Francisco operas' lyric ten
or, will be one of three singers fea
tured at the winter's fourth Music
at. Home recorded concert at Dr.
Tresidder's home tomorrow night
from 7:150 to B:.Â°>o.
Bjoerling will sing "The Dream"
from "Manon," Elisabeth Rethberg
will sing "Ave Maria" from "Otello"
and Pasero will sing the comic bass
air from the "Barber of Seville."
Also featured on the program will
be a complete performance of Mo
zart's "Eine Kleine Naehtmusik,"
ihe second movement of the Shos
takovich "Fifth Symphony" and
Wagner's "Magic Fire Music" from
"Walkure." Students and faculty
are cordially invited.
