# Patronesses for Junior Prom.
## 
### 
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
Invitations have been sent to
fifteen of the ladies on the
campus to act as patronesses
for the Junior Prom which will be
given on March 25th. Nearly all
of them have accepted, and the
following will probably be the
patronesses for the dance: Mes
dames Jordan, Jenkins, Gilbert,
Matzke, Griffin, Green, Lenox,
Duniway, Newsom, Abbott, Storey.
Mathews, McLean, Blynn, and
Searles.
