# Made Dean of Chicago Law School.
## 
### 
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
It was reported in the Chicago
daily Tribune of March Bth that
Professor James Parker Hall, who
was formerly an associate professor
of Law at Stanford, will be made
dean of the Chicago Law School at
the end of the spring quarter. Pro
fessor Hall took his A. B. degree
from Cornell in 1894, and was
granted an L.L. 14. degree from
Harvard in 1897. He then prac
ticed law at Buffalo, N. Y., for three
years and during that time was
lecturer in Law at the University
of Buffalo. In the fall of 1900 he
became Associate Professor of Law
at Stanford. He remained two
years, giving courses in Bills and
Notes, Sales, Partnership and Con
stitutional Law. In 1902 Professor
Hall accepted a professorship in
Law at the University of Chicago
where he now succeeds Professor
Joseph H. Beale, Jr., as dean of
the school. Professor Beale will
return to the Harvard Law School
which he left temporarily two years
ago in order to build up the new
department at Chicago.
