# Demoted
## 
### 

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.

VLADIMIR Petrovich Potcmkin,
above, was recently demoted from
the Russian Vice Commissar of
Foreign Affairs to the less im
portant post of Education Com
missar. He was a friend of Maxim
LitvinofT.
