# Farm Residents Must File Census
## 
### 
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
Students whoso legal residence is
Stanford University should obtain
census forms at the cigar counter of
the Union Cellar, according to Allan
Baldwin, census enumerator for this
district.
The forms are to be filled out and
deposited in the sealed box at the
cigar counter. Baldwin will be in
the lobby of the Administration
Building to answer questions for the
next two weeks. His office hours
will be MWF 12 to 1 o'clock; TTh,
11 to 12 o'clock.
