# ADVERTISERS SURVEY LIVING GROUPS TODAY
## 
### 
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
Thirty-seven Stanford men's living
groups will be questioned today by
members of the Journalism Advertis
ing class regarding the amount, qual
ity, and price of clothing purchased
annually. Surveys will be made at
either the luncheon or dinner hours.
