# CONSTRUCTION STARTS ON BRANCH BUILDINGS
## 
### 
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
Construction of buildings 011 thej
University of California at Los An- j
geles Westwood campus will start j
soon, Robert G. Sproul, vice-president
and comptroller, has announced. Three
million dollars was voted the southern
college last year.
The classroom building will be built
first, caring for all students expected
to atend the university, and providing
an auditorium seating 2000 people.
