# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
The Quad picture of Varsity "S" men
will be taken tomorrow at 1:10 at the
front steps of the Quad leading to the
Memorial Court.
