# Fencing Preliminaries Staged Tonight.
## 
### 
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
Preliminary matches in the Univer
sity fencing championships will be
staged this evening in Roble Gymnasi
um. The four contenders scoring the
highest number of points will be chos
en to compete in the finals, to be held
in Encina Gymnasium next Monday ev
ening. The contests tonight will be in
the order of a round robin, each con
testant meeting the entire field of
fencers during the course of the even
'ng tournament.
