# Milne Play Tryouts Begin Tonight at 7:30
## 
### 
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
Tryouts for the first play of the
season. "The Dover Road." by
A. A. Milne, will be held in the
Little Theater at 7:30 pjii., Wed
nesday and Thursday. All stu
dents interested are invited to
attend. Ten parts are to be cast;
live men and five women are
needed. The play will he pre
sented during the early part of
November.
