# Adv. 26 Page 12
## 
### 
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
Party, Party, Party
Palo Alto's Nowest
Restaurant
and Jazz Club
Presents:
College Night
Wednesday October 23
from 9pm until lam
Live Entertainment
featuring the
Marshall Law Band
Show begins at 9pm
$2.50 Drink Specials
served from 9pm to 11pm
for Premium Well Drinks
and Draft Beer
No Cover Charge
Tapas Monu available
until Midnight
518 Bryant Street
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Call 41 5.324.81 80
