# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
| MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-9754
