# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
REDUCED RATES FOR
STANFORD STUDENTS
Roller Skating
Every Friday Night
9:30 - 12:00
SPECIAL RATE—3Sc
with student body card
open nightly except Monday
tr Thursday—Admission 55c
Skate Haven
3175 Middlefield
DA 3-0482
