# CAMPUS TOLD NOT TO WORRY ABOUT MEASLE EPIDEMIC
## 
### 
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
Though the number of mcjvde
rases lias increased to 71 over
the week-end, the cases arc all
reported to be light. From now
on, according to Dr. Thomas A.
Storey, head of the Men's
Health Service, the releases
should number more than the
admissions.
Dr. Storey stressed the fact
that the epidemic is nothing to
worry about hut that persons
not feeling well or having colds
should report at once to their
health services. The number of
cases is so large because the
disease spreads so rapidly from
person to person.
There is no indication now,
said Dr. Storey, that the isola
tion hospital will have to he
opened. The I'alo Alto hospital
is crowded hut the increasing
number of releases should pre
vent the necessity of opening
the other.
