# STANFORD MONEY HELPS THESE CHILDREN
## 
### 

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.

II is to help such children as these two that Stanford students today
will forego their regular meal at noon today and eat beans, the differ
ence in the price i»f the meals going to the maintenance of Hie home.
