# OREGON CAPITOL DESTROYED BY FIRE
## 
### 

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

In the most disastrous fire in the history of Salem, flames destroyed the capitol of Oregon with an estimated
loss of $2,000,000. Starting from an undetermined cause in the basement the flames spread quickly to the rest
of the (>O-ye,»r old structure. A few minutes after this picture was taken the huge dome crashed down into the
great rotunda. One fireman lost his life while fighting the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)
