# Kefauver Will Entertain Education Majors Friday
## 
### 
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
Dean and Mrs. Grayson Kefauver
extend an invitation to majors in
education, faculty, wives and hus
bands, to spend the evening of Fri
day, May 3, at their home, 610
Cabrillo.
Professor Harold Brown, head of
the philosophy department, will lead
a discussion on "American Demo
cratic Philosophy" from 7:30 to 9.
Following this there will be dancing
and games.
