# THREATENS
## 
### 

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Tom Lindcr, commissioner of
agriculture in Georgia, in an ar
ticle in the state market bulletin
attacked President Roosevelt, Sec
retary Wallace and the United
States Supreme Court, and sug
gested that Georgia "still has the
right to secede" from the union.
(Associated Press Photo.)
