# CUSTOMS OFFICERS PASS STAMFORD MOSAICS FREE
## 
### 
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
Duties to the extent of $12,000, have
been saved the university through a
special ruling of the Treasury Depart
ment. The new mosaic for the chapel
were given a very reasonable rate,
through the efficient work of Con
gressman Hayes.
The whole question was a technical
one, hinging upon the fact that the
mosaics, although works of art, were
not placed in an art gallery.
