# Social Worker to Speak.
## 
### 
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
Mrs. Barrett, a social worker in
connection with the Lane hospital
clinics will speak at the meeting of
the Y. W. C. A.on "Social Work in the
Clinics." Miss Helen Wishard, '12, will
play a violin solo.
