# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
For Sale —Half interest in an old
established Campus business. No ex
perience necessary. Address Box
853, Stanford Univ.
