# Women's Hockey Team Is Selected to Meet Mills
## 
### 
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
From the candidates who have been
trying out, the women's hockey team
was today announced by Miss Irene
Pauly, 'IS, captain. The members of
the team are now in training for a
game with Mills College, to be played
Saturday, February 9.
The team announced is as follows:
Hetty Jameson, '18, center forward;
Mary Lavagnino, '19, right inner wing;
lino Bougliman, '18, right wing;
Eunice Edwards, '18, left inner wing;
Helen Haist, '20, left wing; Doris
Hyer, '20, center half; Edith Fuller
ton, '20, right half; Ruth Garland,
'20, left-half; Gladys Footman, '20,
center back; Irene Pauly, '18, right
back; Irma Weber, '19, left back;
Agnes Anderson, '20, Beatriee Web
ster, '18, and Frederika McLee, '21,
substitutes.
