# MME. DUPRIEZ SPEAKS AT CASTILLEJA SCHOOL
## 
### 
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
Over four hundred people, at the in
vitation of the Belgian Relief Com
mittee, gathered Sunday at Cas
tilleja School in I'alo Alto, to hear
Mme. Leon Dupriez tell of her war
experiences in Louvain.
A collection of $150 and a large sum
in subscriptions was donated at this
meeting. This money will he used to
secure further relief in Belgium.
