# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
Connie Mack has forbidden Eddie
Collins to coach Columbia's baseball
nine.
