# Weather
## 
### 
BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



BIG MEET
The Stanford track and
field team will take on
rival Cal on Saturday.
SPORTS/7

COMMENCEMENT
PREVIEW
The Daily reviews the year
in news, sports and more.
SECTION B

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 70
Low 43
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



