# 30
## This Morning's Headlines UN Troops Battle Out of Korea Trap 
### 
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
TOKYO, Friday, Fel». 2 (UP) —
Allied troops jumped off at dawn to
day along the 40-mile western front
in their bloody advance on Seoul as
the Eighth Army announced a trap
ped French-American regiment had
beaten off two attacking Red regi
ments.
Following an all - night, artillery
barrage, "the whole front moved
forward slowly and cautoiusly,"
United Press correspondent Jack
Burby reported.
