# FOLK-DANCING
## 
### 
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
Folk-dancing will be held tonight
at 7:30 at the Village Auditorium.
