# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
SEND HOME
A SOUVENIR COPY
OF THE
50th ANNIVERSARY
STANFORD DAILY
We will mail i! to any place
in the world for 2.m #
STANFORD DAILY
