# Wilburs to Receive Students on June 13
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
invite all students receiving de
grees, their parents and visiting
friends to the reception at the
President's house on Friday af
ternoon, June 13, from 4 to <i
o'clock. The faculty and alumni
are also invited.
