# SENIOR PROGRAMS
## 
### 
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
Extra senior programs and an
nouncements may be ordered at
the A.S.S.U. office now, and as
long as they last. Almost half
arc gone already. All programs
and announcements will he dis
tributed sometime in the middle
of next week. They will be an
nounced in eacjh living group
when they come out.

Due to army consumption, onions
have doubled in price and arc now
10 cents a pound.
