# Minor Sportsmen Receive Awards
## 
### 
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
The following have received minor
sports awards, offered annually for
exceptional services to some "minor
port: Golf, Warren Berl; swimming,
I oy Vitousek; water polo, Ted Mo
reno; skiing, Herbert Obexer; soc
cer, George Dole, George LaNieca.
Kugby, Frankie Albert, Willard
Classen, Norman Cleaveland, Kirby
Low, Harold Barnard, John Thomp
son, Bob Olden; boxing, Frank
f-lewitt, Tom MacMichacl; fencing,
Richard Meyerhoff; gymnastics, R.
Cunningham; horse polo, A. S.
Ulikbarg.
Dick Lyon received the Gene
Funney Award for boxing, scholar
ship, sportsmanship, character, and
eadership.
