# BUS. SCHOOL ELECTS
## 
### 
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
The Stanford Graduate School of
Business elected Bill Gorman as
president and George Parker as
secretary for the first half of next
year at a dinner meeting held in the
Union last Tuesday evening. Follow
ing the regular meeting and election,
Dean Jackson gave an informal talk.
