# THE 						CHAPPIE STAFF-NEW AND OLD
## 
### 

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.

THIS YEAR'S pilots of the Chaparral confer with the newly-elected officers. Left to right: Ken Smith, re.-
tiring editor-in-chief; Louie Means, retiring business manager; Bill Lane, new business manager; and Bar
ney McClure, new editor-in-chief.
