# Tryouts Will Be Held Today
## "Herod" To Be Sword and Sandals Summer Play 
### 
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
Tryouts for the second Sword and
Sandals summer play reading will be
held in the Little Theater today from
1 to 3 o'clock. Everyone interested in
taking part in a group play reading,
whether experienced or not, is urged
to attend the tryouts.
The reading will be presented in the
Little Theater Monday evening, July
20. Stephen Phillips' brilliant and vio
lent verse drama, "Herod," is the play
chosen to follow the ancient Greek
tragedy of the "Trojan Women" which
was successfully presented last week.
Phillips' play reveals the overpower
ing love that Herod had for his queen,
Mariamne, and the bitter and violent
tragedy that resulted from it. The
reading should serve as an interesting
historical prologue to the performance
of "Antony and Cleopatra" being pre
pared for production in August, by the
course in Stage Classics Production.
