# S-4 Safety Device
## 
### 

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.

Photo shows man in escape locks
atop the submarine S-4 wearing
"lung" used to escape from sunken
submarine off Key West, Fla.
