# Musicale Will Feature Harpsichord and Flute
## 
### 
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
The weekly Noon Musicale to
day features Judy Grant, flute,
and Er ich Schwandt, harpsichord,
at 12:15 p.m. in the Dinkolspicl
Rehearsal Hall. The program in
cludes Bach’s Sonata in B minor
and Aria and Three Variations;
Cheverny by Jane Rutledge; and
Sonata in A major by George
Philipp Telemann.
Coffee and cookies will be
served.
