# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
vou must trya^C^^
