# CAP AND GOWN BRING READER.
## Miss Lucine Finch Will Give Recital at Stanford Next Week. 
### 
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
Miss Lucine Finch, noted dramatic
reader and impersonator, is to be at
Stanford next week, and under the
auspices of Cap and Gown, will give an
entertainment in Assembly Hall on
Thursday night, April 28. Miss Finch
is well-known in dramatic circles,
having been in legitimate drama, as
well as in personations, and is expect
ed to return to the stage next year.
She impersonates a negro mammy, tel
ling old folk stories and singing
negro songs, and comes very highly
recommended. This performance is
also for the benefit of the Woman's
Club-house. The date of the seat sale
will be announced later. The proceeds
from the seat sale for the Vaudeville
Show given by Cap and Gown last Sat
urday night amounted to $982.
