# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
Clues /\ >
from 1
the jAUMK
BEAUTY
Hove you ever thrilled to
fragile beauty of gardenias
.... to a white moon
against the velvet clouds
of night?
Such loveliness will be
yours in a creme chiffon
velvet evening coat, with
its tapering lines and
swirled collar.
$16.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
51 0 Wavcrlcy
