# Today Last Chance For 1935 Quad Photographs
## 
### 
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
The 1935 Quad ends its final photo
graphic period today. Students who
have not as yet had their pictures
taken have their last chance from 9
to 12 and 1 to 4:30 o'clock.
Pledges, new eating club mem
bers, Cap and Gown, and the debat
ing team will alsr. be photographed
today in the second floor Press
Building studio.
Proofs may be turned in from 9:30
to 11:30 and from 12:30 to 3:30
o'clock.
