# NAMED IN DIARY AT NAVAL PROBE
## 
### 

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)

Rear Admiral Christian J. Peoples (shown at his desk in Washing
ton), who has been mentioned as a probable choice to administer part
of the new work relief measure, was named in the purported diary of
Arthur P. Homer, naval architect, introduced at a hearing before the
senate munitions committee, as one of those through whom shipbuild
ers had sought to make effective their agreement to share naval
contracts. (Associated Press Photo)
