# LEE, LAW, SEWARD ONLY CARD STARS LEFT IN NET PLAY
## 
### 
Stanford's foremost followers of
the bouncing ball have not fared so
well in the Northern California In
door Tennis Tournament being held
at the Palace of Fine Arts in San
Francisco these long winter eve
nings.
Only the doubles team of Sam Lee
end John Law, and one singles man,
Bill Seward, remain in the compe
tition.
The o'.her local competitors: Jack
Lynch, Ben Dey, Bob Pommer, Bob
Underwood,' and Bob Braly were
keeping their end up until Wed
nesday evening came along. At the
lime the going got rather rough and
they had to drop out.
j Lee and Law face tough competi
tion today .in doubles. Law twisted
I'his back Wednesday nipht, and un
less he recovers his old form, the
| iveteran doubles team may not be
able to withstand the attack of San
. Francisco's finest.
