# DANCE PLANS ARE CHANGED.
## Skull and Snakes Ball Not To Be En Costume.â€”Affair Will Be Informal. 
### 
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
Skull and Snakes has abandoned its
plan to have the dance, which is to be
given at the Play House in Palo Alto
011 the 21st of this month, a fancy
dress affair. This decision was
reached after it was found that a con
siderable number of students were
making arrangements to secure elabo
rate and expensive costumes, thereby
defeating the original idea of making
it a general college dance.
The same date and place have been
retained by Skull and Snakes, and
under the present plans two dollars
admission will be charged for each
couple which will include car fare to
and from Palo Alto as previously an
nounced.
The dance will be strictly informal,
dress clothes being tabooed, and it. is
understood that the program will con
sist of sixteen regular dances and two
extras. Further announcements are
to be made later.
