# Adv. 10 Page 2
## 
### 
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
CHRYSLER
PLYMOUTH
AUTHORIZED SERVICE
EST. 21 YEARS
Repairs and Scrvice on all
makes of cars by fully
trained mechanics
REASONABLE RATES
BODY, FENDER, AND
PAiNT WORK
CAMPUS
GARAGE
Opposite New S.P. Depot
Phone P A. 221 58
