# Chris Moody Wins Lagunita Election
## 
### 
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
Chris Moody was elected Lagunita
president last night in the living
group's first election of the year.
Carolyn Tyson was named first vice
president, Rosemary Goodwin sec
ond vice-president, Marianne Gold
man secretary, and Helen Bergman
chairman of the Committee of Eight.
These officers will hold their posi
tions until June, when candidates
will be nominated for the fall elec
tions.
