# Adv. 32 Page 6
## 
### 
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
Teachers for East
Africa Sign Now
A limited number of inter
views will be held this Sun
day and on April 15 for teach
ing positions in East Africa
sponsored by the Columbia
Teachers’ College and the
African-American Institute.
Interested seniors a n d
graduate students in liberal
arts and the sciences should
sign up at the Africa Desk
in the HR Shack.
