# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
m
smw
In days of yore, men feared not only their
mortal enemies, but the elements too. It was
the medieval armorer’s task to protect his
chief against foemen, but weather-protection
was a more difficult matter. Thus many a
knight was spent in rusty armor.
Engineers and scientists at Ford Motor
Company, engaged in both pure and applied
research, are coping even today with the
problem of body protection (car bodies, that
is). Through greater understanding of the
chemistry of surfaces, they have developed
new paint primers and undercoatings, new
rustproofing methods, and special sealers
that guard entire car bodies against nature's
corrosive forces—all of which add armor-like
protection to Ford-built cars.
From other scientific inquiries will undoubt
edly come new materials with protective
properties vastly superior to those of today.
This is another example of Ford’s leadership
through scientific research and engineering.
MOTOR COMPANY
The American Road, Dearborn, Michigan
