# Construction of Aero Laboratory Described
## 
### 
Declaring that most of the tragedies
and casualties in aviation could have
been averted if aeronautic research
had in every instance preceded aero
nautic construction, Professor W. F.
Durand last night impressed upon hi 3
audience in the Mechanical Engineer
ing building the importance of the
aerodynamic laboratory now in con
struction at Stanford.
"The United States has allowed for
eign countries to get far ahead of us
in the field of aeronautic research,"
said Professor Durand, "with the re
sult that laboratories are now num
erous in Europe and very rare in the
United States."
Professor Durand then went on to
toll of the laboratory which Is now
under construction in the old art
studio. Here apparatus is being
made for the testing of model pro
pellors, the field in which Stanford
intends to specialize. A giant four
bladed propellor, 11 feet in diamter,
is being made in the wood shop, which
will be able to create a column of
wind of from 00 to 70 miles per hour
velocity, and which will be used in
testing out smaller propellors about
three feet in diameter.
