# Consider Cardinal Affiliation With Pacific Coast Athletic Conference
## 
### 
In response to a telegram from
President Colin U. Dyment of the Pa
cific Coast Conference, inviting Stan
ford to join the organization and to
send representatives to the annual
meeting to he held in Seattle on De
cember 1 and 2, the Executive Com
mittee last night appointed Graduate
Manager Behrens, Student Body Presi
dent T. E. Swigart, '17, and W. P.
Staniford, '16, as a committee to con
sider the matter.
Should Stanford accept the invita

tion, it will mean that competition
with the University of Washington,
University of Oregon, and Oregon Ag
ricultural College, which institutions,
with the University of California,
make up the conference, will become
a regular practice. Last spring Stan
ford was invited to become a charter
member of the conference at its es
tablishment in Portland, but rejected
the offer because of the organizations
attitude toward the elimination of
