# Women Selected for Tennis Meet With California
## 
### 
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
Stanford and University of California
women will clash in the annual inter
class tennis tournament next Saturday
morning on the California courts. As
a result of preliminary tournaments
the following women have been chosen
to journey to Berkeley to represent
their respective classes:
1917—Singles, R. Squire. First
Doubles, C. Holcomb, M. Post. Sec
ond Doubles, H. Greening, L. Hall, M.
Richter.
1918 —Singles, M. Beaver. First
Doubles, S. Winder, V. Pilcher. Sec
ond Doubles, .T. Stoddard, V. Price.
1919 —Singles, E. Lee. First Doubles,
E. Barroll, V. Boyd. Second Doubles,
B. Tompkins, F. Holman.
1920—Singles, R. Garland. First
Doubles, G. Morris, O. Burwell. Sec
ond Doubles, V. Murry, D. Hyer, R.
Elsinger.
