# CAPITAN MEMBER
## 
### 
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
El Capitan announces the mem
bership of Milton Friedman, '35.
