# President Wilbur To Edit Educational Book Series
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
assumed the active editorship of 10
books on current educational prob
lems which will be called the
"School Economy Series." They will
begin publication next month at the
University Press.
The volumes will be written by
national authorities, among them
Professor Walter Crosby Eells of the
education department.
