# Helen Wills Moody Plans To Visit Mexico Next Fall
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
MEXICO CITY, April 25 (/P)
Bernardo Arias, president of the
Mexican Lawn Tennis Association,
today announced receipts of a tele
gram from Mrs. Helen Wills Moody
saying she planned to come to Mex
ico City this fall.
