# Committee Meeting Again Postponed.
## 
### 
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
There was no meeting of the In
tercollegiate Agreement Commit
tees from Stanford and California
last Saturday night. No date has
yet been set for the holding of the
postponed meeting, and it will
probably be put off until after the
meeting of the Football Rules Com
mittee. That body is also waiting
some action on the part of the
Eastern Rules Committee, which
meets on the third of March. This
is the.second postponement of the
meeting of Agreement Committees.
