# Editor Will Talk Of Pacific Tour
## 
### 
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
The Stanford Student Chapter of
the American Society of Civil Engi
neers invites all engineers on cam
pus to hear Nathan A. Bowers, Pa
cil'ic Coast Editor of Engineering
News Record speak on the activities
of the Seabees in the Pacific which
he witnessed during his tour as a
war correspondent attached to Ad
miral Nimitz staff. The meeting will
be held this evening at 7:30 in the
downstairs lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, according to Wayne
Sturgis, president of the society.
Bowers, who received his Ph. D.
in Civil Engineering from Stanford
in 1926, spent 63 days on tour during
which he made 46 ports of call and
made a thorough inspection of 29
bases. He was on the firing line on
three fronts, Bougainville, New
Guinea, and the Marshalls. He will
illustrate his talk with photographs
of his trip.
Those interested in joining the
society will have an opportunity to
learn more of its activities and op
portunities at this meeting, Sturgis
said.
