# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINB
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
lONO ISLAND CITY, NEW YO»K, N. V.
