# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Again we have to consider a, de
bate with the University of Ne
braska. If conditions will permit,
it is wise for us to arrange this
contest. Stanford should enlarge
her field of intercollegiate rivalry,

and tiiis debate offers a move in
the right direction. Last spring
we had a team chosen to go to
Lincoln, but owing to complica
tions that developed there shortly
before the date set, the affair was
called off, with the implied agree
ment that it would take place this
fall. Many phases of the question
must be considered before definite
arrangements can be made. This
much, however, is certain: If the
debate is held this year it must
occur during the first semester.
Our schedule of contests for next
spring makes it almost imperative.
