# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
IF IT S A
SNAP
bring it to us for
your photographic
prints.
Also—
ENLARGEMENTS
PHOTOSTATS
LANTERN SLIDES
I Official Photographers
for Stanford University
Keck] e*s I
323 University Ave.
