# INDIAN-BRONCO MOVIES
## 
### 
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
Technicolor movies of the Stan
ford-Santa Clara football game Sat .
uday will be shown tonight af 7:i(l)
in Cubbcrley Auditorium of the Eti
ucation Building. Admission i fi<e.
