# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
FOR SALE —The classiest sport road
ster on the campus, for less than
half its original cost. C. B. Smith,
University Press, or 221 Channing
Ave., Palo Alti. tf
