# CARD LIGHTWEIGHTS WILL MEET BLUE AND GOLD TEAM TONIGHT
## 
### 
Stanford's newly organized 145-pound
basketball team will meet the Blue and
Gold lightweights tonight in the Oak
land Auditorium, at 6:45. in the prelim
inary to the California-Oregon game.
Coach Wight is coaching the Cali
fornia 145's and has developed a fast
aggregation, which has been winning
constantly from all comers. The strength
of the Cardinal team is not known, as
they have been practising together but a
short time and have played no games.
From all indications, Stanford should
give the Blue and Gold a hard game, as
there are several fast men on the squad.
The men who will make the trip to
night are: Forwards, Phil Neer, Dun
Hood, J. Hare, and Ivoba; guards,
Christianson, P. Hare. â€¢ Cnplcn, and
Summy; centers, Hood and Hamilton.
