# Stalin Advises Balkan Peoples, Finns to Revolt
## 
### 
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
LONDON, Monday, May 1 (UP) —
Premier Josef Stalin in a May Day
order of the day today called for a
combined Russian-American-British
Blow to crush Germany completely
and advised the peoples of Rumania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, and Finland tc
overthrow their governments and
seek allied mercy.
Reviewing the gigantic victories of
the Red Armies and Russian people
at large, Stalin said that Rumania,
Bulgaria, Hungary, and Finland
knew Germany had lost the war and
that the peoples of those countries
must take into their hands the task
of liberation from the Germans.
