# COUNCIL MEETS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
Inter-Hall Council will hold its
first meeting of the quarter tonight
at Monroe at 10:30, President Don
Hoytt announced yesterday. All new
hall presidents are urged to attend.
New officers will be selected, and
proposed projects for the quarter
will be discussed.
