# "Pioneers" Meet.
## 
### 
The Class of '95 met in the chapel
this afternoon, President Langford
presiding. It was moved that a com
mittee to arrange for the Senior Hop
be appointed by the chair. The motion
was carried. It was farther moved and
carried that a committee of seveu be
appointed by the president to arrange
especially the program of class day,
Monday, May 27, and also to provide
other methods of entertainment if
deemed expedient.
By a special motion the class con
cluded to recognize those who received
degrees of A. B. at the end of last se
mester as members of the ''Pioneer
Class" if those persons so desire. A
motion that mortarboards and gowns
be worn by the "Pioneers"' on Com
mencement day was lost.
It is intended by the class to make
the last week of college one of the
liveliest periods of the year.
