# Quads.
## 
### 
— Everett Smith, '99, is visiting
friends on the campus.
—A. V. Babine, assistant li
brarian, is sick with la grippe.
—"Pete" Smith, captain of the
Reliance football team, was on the
quad today.
—Mrs. J. R. Lewis of San Jose
spent yesterday wish her neioe,
Miss Jessie Ballard,'ol, at Roble
Hall.
—Mr. Harrison of Stockton is
spending the day at the Univer
sity, as guest of Miss Lucia Ken
iston.
—Miss Anna Brown, '04, of Seat
tle, Washington, has withdrawn
from the University on account of
ill health.
—Miss Harriett Dellinger of New
Whatcom, Washington, has been
visiting her sister, Miss Edna
Dellinger, at Roble.
—J. E. Springer, '00, the inter
collegiate debater, has received an
appointment as teaeher'in the Ma
nila schools in the Philippine Is
lands.
