# Pomtag Will Enter.
## 
### 
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
The last piece of news from the
diamond this season is that Pom
tag, the Salinas twirler, will enter
college the early part of next week.
The team is sorely in need of an
experienced pitcher, and Pomtag
fills the bill very well. Reports
from Salinas are to the effect that
Pomtag has plenty of speed, good
curves, and fine control. The ac
buisition of Pomtag will change the
pitcher's box from the weakest po
sition on the team to one of the
strongest.
