# New Organ Installed.
## 
### 
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
A new organ was heard for the first
time in the University Chapel last
Sunday morning. This organ has been
rented by the University Choir in co
operation with the organist. The
rental for the use of the organ will
amount to about ninety dollars a se
mester. This amount is to be raised
partly by subscription and by a bene
fit. concert under the auspices of the
Choir. An endeavor will be made to
find twenty persons to subscribe $2.50
per semester. Subscriptions are asked
for and will be gladly received by the
University Organist, Mr. Buehrer.
