# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
The Social Dramatic Club, composed
chiefly of members of the Stanford
faculty, has announced the presenta
tion of a play for the evening of Fri
day, April 15, the date of the annual
Intercollegiate debate in the Assembly
Hall. Of all the college activities,
debating attracts the most interest
among faculty folk, especially among
the teaching corps of the department
of English, while these latter gentle
men are also extremely prominent in
the work of the Social Dramatic Club.
That such an unnecessary conflict of
dates should have been allowed to oc
cur is a pitiful fact. Debating arouses
all too little interest in the Student
Body, and it is unfortunate that the
enthusiasm of the faculty be dimin
ished by an enforced absence from the
crowning event of the year. Could we
conceive any adequate excuse for the
conflict, we would withhold our ob
jection. Such a conception is, how
ever, beyond us.
