# Reorganized Rest Home Open to Men Students
## 
### 
Men students in need of medical
attention or rest may enter the new
ly reorganized Men's Rest Home,
which opened Monday at (391 Mirada
street.
Arrangement of the home is aimed
at duplication of home-like atmo
sphere, with nourishing food, large
sunny rooms, and provisions for
taking sun baths. All men confined
to the home must be sent by either
the Men's Health Service or a Palo
Alto physician.
Three dollars per day is the fee
charged to all entrants; two dollars
of which are paid by the University
for the first five days when the
student is sent by the above agen
cies. The Stanford Mothers' Club,
which sponsors the home, will pay
the remaining dollar should cases of
extreme need be brought to the at
tention of Mrs. Edwin Thomas,
chairman of the Rest Home. The
home may be reached by calling
21633.
