# HAUPTMANN APPEALS
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17 '(/P).—Bruno
Hauptmann carricd to the appellate
court today his fight to avoid extra
dition to New Jersey for trial on
ihe charge of murdering the Lind
bergh baby.
