# Indian Soccer Team Downed By San Mateo
## 
### 
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
Ranging three well-placed shots
into the Card goal, San Mateo Jun
ior College soccermen yesterday
blanked the Stanford eleven on the
farm field, 3-0.
The defeat was not too bitter for
the Indians since it was the first
conference game of the season with
plenty of time left to redeem them
selves. Playing on a wet field with
a soggy ball, the play was decidedly
haphazard on both sides. The game
was unusually short with twenty
minute halves.
Second Half Steadier
While the first stanza was repeat
edly marked by attacks on the Stan
lord goal, the second quarter wit
nessed steadier play on the part of
Maloney's men and the play was
fairly even on both sides.
In the second period, the J.C. men
immediately started another rushing
attack led by Sloper, Dias, and Saco.
The third score was made on a fast
kick by Sloper after the defense had
again been broken through. The last
quarter was mainly spent in mid
field play.
The starting lineup: McClelland,
goal; Bullis, right back; Enke, left
back; Gonzales, right half; A1 Walk
er, center half; White, left half;
Knecht, outside right; Dibble, in
side right; Forhan, center forward;
Row, inside left; Hanson, outside
left.
