# GOVERNMENT MONEY
## WASHINGTON. Oct. 17 (AP). 
### 
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
The government's emergency ex- J
penditures were reported today by !
the Treasury to have passed the j
billion dollar mark for the three j
and a half months of the fiscal year i
up to October 15.
