# AMERICAN CLAIMS
## 
### 
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Oct. 17 (A 5 ).
—Turkey will pay American citizens
$1,300,000 for property seized during
the World War as a result of find
ing's of th-j Turko-American mixed
claims commission.
