# LAUDS RADIO AUDIENCE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17 (-P).—The
American radio audience was de
scribed toda yby William S. Paley,
president of the Columbia Broad
casting System as "perhaps the
highest common denominator of
cultural appreciation in the world."

A person of normal mentality will
not continue as a drug addict, says
the public health service, because
he finds it unnecessary to his men
tal well-being.
