# Group Plans Conference
## 
### 
Final plans for the ninth annual
conference of the Student Institute
of Pacific Relations, to be held dur
ing the Thanksgiving vacation at
Lokoya Lodge in Napa county, were
made at the meeting of the spon
soring council held at the Interna
tional House in Berkeley Sunday.
Founded in 1926 by a group of
students from California and Stan
ford, this student institute has con
tinued to meet annually for the pur
pose of promoting better under
standing among the peoples of the
Pacific area. Each year since that
time, students of every race and
nationality, drawn from the univer
sities, colleges, and junior colleges
of Northern California, have met to
consider the economic, political,
racial, and cultural adjustments
which will determine the direction
of the new Pacific civilization.
This year a number of round
table discussion topics have been
selected which will serve to promote
the interest and attention of any
student at all conscious of the Pa
cific area and its problems.
Students who are interested may
get further information from Jean
Symes, 2510 Bancroft Way, Berkeley.
Stanford's representation at the
sponsoring council meeting was led
by Hobart Young.
