# ENGINEER DIES
## 
### 

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

M. M. O'Shaughnessy, 70, city en
gineer of San Francisco, died a few
weeks before the culmination of his
lifelong ambition—the bringing of
water into San Francisco from its
Hetch -letchy project. O'Shaugh
nessy devoted years to the building
of the giant water system. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
