# Pro Football Starts On Coast but Loses Money
## 
### 
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
Professional football, this year
started on the Coast, has made a
promising, if not monetarily .suc
cessful, debut in San Francisco,
Last week-end "Tiger Ted" Beckett,
former brilliant Cal AU-American,
booted a drop-kick to give his team
a victory over a group composed
mostly of old U.S.C. stars.
Some of those who played were
Butch Medanich, Butch Simas, Fred
Stennett, Charley Baird, George
Relies, Ralph Stone, and many oth
ers famous in the western states.
The first game netted a $500 red
ink blot, but the producers of the
proposition were more than sat
isfied.
A second attack on false and mis
leading radio broadcasts was ini
tiated tonight by the Trade Com
mission.
Stations were directed to file with
the commission copies of the adver
tising matter to be sent over the
air between November 15 and No
vember 30. .
