# FRENCH BOYCOTT JAPAN
## 
### 
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 21 (U.R).—As a
protest against "Japanese aggression
in China," the dockers' syndicate an
nounced tonight that it will not al
low loading or unloading of the
Japanese liner Kashima Maru, due
here tomorrow from London.
