# Lying in Wait
## 
### 

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.

UP IN SEATTLE, Coach Jinnny
Phelan, above, and his Washing
ton Huskies await the arrival of
Stanford's Indians for their im
portant grid clash tomorrow.
