# PROFESSOR CONVALESCING
## 
### 
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, who
underwent an abdominal operation
on Monday, will soon be able to re
turn home and will resume work on
the campus about the end of No
vember.
