# First Movie To Be Shown October 31
## 
### 
With the first Memorial Hall movie
tentatively scheduled for a week
from Sunday night, October 31, Bill
Hovey, Chi Psi, and his movie com
mittee ,are still at wits end to fill
the bill.
After failure to obtain co-opera
tion from San Francisco showmen,
Hovey is attempting to contact Uni
versity of California, which has a
system of weekly movies similar to
the projected plan for the Memorial
Hall. If plans go through, some such
movie classics as "The Birth of a
Nation" will be obtained from them,
and will be shown on that date. It
is planned to have movies each Sun
day night thereafter.
An attempt will also be made to
show a series of old news x-eels as
well as other types of motion pic
tures. The committee under Bill
Hovey consists of Howard Pine, Phi
Sig; Des Mactavish, Chi Psi; Harold
Craigin, El Campo; and Irv Cum
mings, Zete.
