# Fort Ord Topples Stanford Braves
## 
### 
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
Paul Larson, this time in a Fort
Orel uniform, returned to haunt the
Stanford Braves as the Army team
whipped the Braves, 52-20, Saturday
afternoon at Fort Old.
Larson ran a kickofT back 90 yards
for the longest Army touchdown.
Fort Ord's Julian Spence scored
four touchdowns, catching two
touchdown passes from former USC
great, Rudy Bukich, and scoring
twice on runs of 40 and G8 yards.
