# CRIME DECREASES
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
WASHINGTON, March 1. (TP)—A
general decrease in crime in 1.000
cities during January as compared
with December was reported today
at the Bureau of Investigation of
the Department of Justice.
