# MARCH 30 IS FINAL DAY FOR TEACHING POST APPLICATIONS
## 
### 
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
Candidates for teaching positions
should have complete applications
on file in the Appointment Service
office before March 30, Mrs. Eliza
beth Snell, appointment secretary,
has announced.
The annual convention of the Cal
ifornia Secondary Principals' Asso
ciation is to be held at Santa Cruz
this year, beginning March 30, and
a considerable number of Stanford
alumni will be in attendance, Mrs.
Snell says.
In addition, the Western Associ
ation of Placement Personnel Offi
cers is meet, and the time is
deemed an especially auspicious one
for prospective teachers.
The event will be the occasion of
one of the year's largest gatherings
of Stanford alumni. A banquet of
administrators who arc Stanford
graduates will be held Monday eve
ning, March 3(f, with C. W. White,
principal of the High School of
Commerce, San Francisco, as toast
master.
