# Vesper Service.
## 
### 
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
11l place of the regular weekly
vesper service next Thursday,
October 11th, the services will be
in memory of Barbara Jordan and
will be held in the Assembly Hall
at 4:30 p.m.
