# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Onee Around
the Quad" items is 3 p.m. of
the day before publication.
