# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow.
Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety of the United States': Open
ings for M.B.A. and A.B. degrees
in state analysis department,
mortgage loan and life insurance
sales in Palo Alto or San Fran
cisco. Summer employment also.
Los Alamos Scientific Labora
tory: Openings for 8.5., M.S.
and Ph.D. degrees in physics,
mathematics, engineering and
chemistry for U.S. citizens in
Los Alamos, N.M. Summer in
terviews also for seniors and
graduate students in the same
majors in the research and devel
opment departments in Los Ala
mos.
