# Stanford Gets $50,000 Social Science Grant
## 
### 
The Ford Foundation has an
nounced its grants and appropri
ations for the July to September
fiscal quarter of 1957, including
a $50,000 grant to Stanford Uni
versity "for continued support of
work on the problems and proc
esses relating to the practical
utilization of the behavioral sci
ences."
Largest Grant
Foundation appropriations to
taled $49,187,371. During the
quarter the Foundation complet
ed its program supporting train
ing and research in mental
health and the behavioral sci
ences with grants totaling $9,-
819,150 to colleges, universities
and research centers. The largest
of these grants was one of $5
million to the Center for Ad
vanced Study of the Behavioral
Sciences at Stanford for mainte
nance of the center until August,
1901.
Community Studies
Also named were Community
Studies, Inc., $900,000 for study
of urban - regional problems in
Philadelphia, Camden and Tren
ton, N.J., and Wilmington, Del.;
$825,000 to the Hospital Research
and Educational Trust for a pro
gram of hospital counseling in
administration in conjunction
with the American Hospital As
sociation.
The Foundation also made its
initial venture into the creative
arts with ;â€¢ $706,000 appropria
tion to the American Music Cen
ter, Inc., the City Center of Music
and Drama, the Cleveland Play
House Foundation, the Minneapo
lis Society of Fine Arts and the
New Orleans Opera House Asso
ciation.
