# Natural History Club Meets Today
## 
### 
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
Natural History Club will hold
its first meeting tonight in the
lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Dr. J. Gordon Edwards, assist
ant professor of /.oology at San
Jose State College, will be fea
tured as guest speaker. His talk
will include information on the
plants and animals of Glacier Na
tional Park and their associated
habitats.
Following the speech, refresh
ments will be served.
Other meetings of the club are
Scheduled for Now 20, Jan. 15,
Feb. 19. April 16 and May 2!.
