# IIR Roundtable Needs Moderator
## 
### 
Hank Grandin, moderator of the
Stanford Student Roundtable of the
Air, will conduct interviews for
next year's moderator at 4 p.m. to
day in the ASSU president's ofliee
in the Union.
The Roundtable, sponsored by the
lIR, is Stanford's only regular half
hour program to be broadcast bi
weekly to a Bay Area audience. The
program was inaugurated a year
ago.
Applicants should preferably be
seniors or graduate students, with
some knowledge of international af
fairs and with good speaking voices.
Interviews will also be held for a
moderator during summer quarter.
Applicants who cannot come to the
meeting tomorrow should contact
Grandin at Building 110 in Stanford
Village.
