# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.

TERRY CARROLL AND BOB McGUIRE. two top sluggers for the
Cougars, will give Card Joe Chez plenty ol trouble. Carroll
plays the second base, and McGuire is planted out in the center
garden. Both are hitting well over the .300 mark lor Wash
ington State.
