# VENTURA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
Helen Austin was elected next
year's president of Casa Ventura.
Vice-president will !>'• Mary Bam
berg, and secretary, Norma Davis.
Marcia Thurston will serve as
treasurer, and Ardene Shannon as
social chairman.
