# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.

SOPH JOE CHEZ, the undefeated mound ace of the CIBA, will
try to keep his winning ways up North. Coach Dean has given
Chez the nod in the first tilt against the Washington State nine.
