# Northwestern Offers Social Service Work
## 
### 
Northwestern University at Evanston,
111. is offering graduate courses in So
cial Service work, according to an an
nouncement received in Miss Bradford's
office today. This course leads to a Mas
ters Degree and is open to all graduate
of standard colleges The curriculum
includes besides the courses offered in
other departments, special courses in
l-'.iblical Literature, Religion, History
and Geography of the different conti
nents, the conditions and needs of the
various missions both ancient and mod
ern . Religion, Religious Education, Com
munity Activities, and Social Science and
Service.
\ brief announcement of these courses
will be posted. Any one desiring more
derailed information may obtain it from
thV> Dean of the Graduate School at
Northwestern University, Evanston, 111
