# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
ROBERT EVERHART
TEACHER OF SINGING
Member:
National Association of Teachers
of Singing
675 ALVARADO ROW
STANFORD, DA 2-0214
SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
AGENCIES: RfTHMi
Laundry agent mllXWKzgm
Lagunita;
Varsity Cleaners KVwfPPjßfl
Encina ■■MMNlifl
FOR EXPERT
FORD
SERVICE
and
GENUINE
FORD
PARTS
SCO
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
Palo Alto DA 3-5161
