# Soccer Bears Pull Upset, 3-2
## 
### 
The glory was all California's
Saturday as even a vastly improved
Golden Bear soccer team rose to
upset Stanford's soccermen by a
score of 3 to 2.
Stanford scored its first goal in
the second period when, after a big
pileup in front of the Brar goal, the
ball was virtually scrambled into
the cage.
The second Card score came on a
penalty kick early in the fourth
quarter shortly after Frank Thorn
ton had kicked a penalty shot for
the Bears.
Outstanding players even in de
feat for the Cards included full
back Randy Rosso, who broke up
numerous Cal scoring attempts, and
co-captain Harry Havilio, who was
all over the field from his right
half spot before he respraincd his
ankle.
