# DAILY PHONES
## 
### 
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
To put news in The Daily phone
DA 2-2166. For circulation or ad
vertisement matters phone the
business department, DA 3-1301.
