# Campus Will Host Business Officials
## 
### 
Some 100 key school officials
will attend a meeting here today
of the northern section of the
California Association of Public
School Business Officials.
Sessions will begin at 9:30 a.m.
in the Education Building. Tours
of the planning laboratory and
nearby new school plants are
scheduled for the afternoon.
Featured speaker of the day
will be Mike Hesse, state presi
dent of the association. Faculty
members participating from the
Stanford School of Education will
be Dean I. James Quillen, Wil
liam Odell, expert in school, ad
ministration, and James D. Mac-
Connell, director of the Stanford
School Planning Laboratory.
