# Metz Beats Smith for Title
## 
### 

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.

I)I( K METZ, Chicago pro. lcl(, helps Ilorton Smith of Joplin, Mo.,
hold the San Francisco National Match Play Open trophy that Metz
won. one up. In addition to the trophy, Metz won SIOOO.
