# Student Flying Plan Boosted
## 'Local Air Conditions Excellent'â€”Webster 
### 
Excellent flying -weather pre
vailing around Palo Alto and the
desire of the University to co-oper
ate with the Civil Aeronautics Au
thority program for civilian train
ing of student flyers were reasons
advanced by Professor David L.
Webster, head of the physics de
partment, in a conference with Rob
ert H. Hinckley, a member of the
C.A.A., for Stanford's receiving a
share in the program.
"We hope, of course, that Stanford
will be awarded a share in this
plan," Dr. Webster said, "but it is
probable that nothing definite will
be known until later in the year."
He outlined the plan, saying, "The
tentative plan of the C.AA. is to
give students already enrolled in
the colleges a continuing vocational
opportunity to receive basic ground
and flight training by using the
colleges and established qualified
private flying operators on the ad
jacent airports."
Professor Webster, who docs a
large amount of flying, said he be
lieved Palo Alto has the best weath
er conditions for flight training.
