# Briefly
## 
### 
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
Cowell hours
The infirmary (in-bed care and
afterhours urgent care) of the
Cowell student health center
will be closed from August 15
until September 15.
During this period, the
number to call for assistance
after 5 p.m. on weekdays and all
day on Saturday and Sunday is
321-4121. The outpatient clinic
will be open as usual during the
week, from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m.
Last Daily
This is the last issue of the
Summer Daily.
