# Adios
## 
### 
And now that ("pardon us Chappie
old boy") the Academic Council in
ruthless disregard of our expressed

desire, considered the Fresh
man athletic problem on the
eve of the finals, when we

wished to study, rather than record
disagreeable facts in a midnight edi
tion, the present stormy petrel finds
his nest with a mingled feeling of re
lief, regret and amazement. Amaze
mentâ€”we will frankly confess, now
that it is all over, because we never
expected to again take up private life
on our own volition. For our safe
voyage home after a very pestiferous
course, we wish to humbly thank our
good friends on the Student Affairs
Committee. It only takes a close ac
quaintanceship with these men to real
ize that they are not such omnivorous
creatures as some would have you be
lieve.
Altho we have failed to see the real
ization of the Stanford Union, the eat
ing clubs or the isolation hospital, the
establishment of scholorship equality
with California, or a successful inter
collegiate season, we are not dissatis
fied with the results of the semester.
The Student Body has been united, the
spirit of good fellowship has been sin
cere and strong, and our intracolleg
iate achievements have been worth
while. Life on the old Farm itself has
been enjoyable. We look forward to a
still better year.
As for ourselves, it has not been a
pleasant task to record a half dozen
or more Intercollegiate defeats or the
restriction of Freshman participation.
Nor is their much consolation in the
attainment of no more fundamental
results than the abolition of the
"damnuisance," the hegira of Palo Alto
dogs, music at Assemblies or the un
furling of a new flag. We hope that
Thomas, the next editor, who is one of
the ablest men ever on the Daily Palo
Alto, can see the establishment of the
isolation hospital for instance. How
ever, we have had the privilege of
"writing up" Macdonald, Roosevelt,
Miss Tarbell and Baron de Constant.
We have had the pleasure of boosting
Stanford's grandest Junior Week and
the best Senior Week, as well. There
has been bitter mixed with the sweet

we admit, but we leave our task with
a good taste in our mouth, neverthe
less.
It is In no perfunctory sense that the
retiring editor thanks his staff for
their consistent work this semester.
He has especially enjoyed the friend
ship of every member. There is no
activity that brings its participants
into closer bonds of friendship and
good fellowship than journalism. A
college paper staff unlike a class com
mittee, does not leave all of its work
to its executive head. Loyalty and
self-sacrifice are common virtues. And
altho in the nature of things news
writing is thankless task at the best,
there is fortunately a certain "high,
stern featured beauty in plain devoted
ness to duty which finds amplest
recompense in work done squarely and
unwasted days."
