# Chem Society Presents Movie; First f Series
## 
### 
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
"Principles of A ltomatic Con
trol," a full coloi movie, will be
presented tonight it 7:30 by the
Stanford Society ol Chemical Engi
neers in Room 20 of the Chemistry
Building.
This picture will initiate a scries
of programs for students in the en
gineering and chemical fields. Sub
sequent programs will include in
dustrial field trips and lectures.
