# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
engagement of its president, Char
ley Gutcntag, '51, to Miss Arden
Samuel, Alpha Omicron Phi of San
Jose State.
