# GAY BRYAN
## 
### 

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.

The British were defeated by their
weakness in field events. They cap
tured both sprints, the 440, and the
distance runs, but couldn't match
the American hurdlers and weight
men.
