# Choral Program Slated on Monday
## 
### 
The Stanford Summer Chorus
and the class in choral conducting
and presentation, under the direc
tion of Associate Professor Harold
C. Schmidt, will present a free pub
lic concert at the Knoll Monday
eveningg at 8.
The Knoll, former home of Stan
ford's late president Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, now houses the Uni
versity's Department of Music.
Monday evening's program will
include music from "Acis and Ga
latea" by Handl, with Hadka Saga
roff as soprano soloist, and compo
sitions by Vaughan Williams, Paul
Hindemith, and Brahms.
Dr. Carl Parrish, visiting profes
sor of musicology, will conduct two
choral pieces from his own suite,
"The Seasons." It will be the first
public performance of "Spring" and
"Summer."
A special feature of the program
will be the presentation of a group
of French chansons from Maud it,
Costely, D'lndy, and Ravel.
