# Correction
## 
### 
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the fraternity task force report
indicated that Residential Educa
tion employs subjective selection
processes in placing students in
theme houses or co-ops. This is
not the case. Residential Educa
tion allows subjective selection
only in fraternities and employs
objective selection in all other
campus housing.
The Daily regrets the error.
