# Vocom Will Present Questionnaire Tonight
## 
### 
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
*
A tiew type vocational interest
questionnaire will he distributed
tonight in all women's residences.
Diane Porter, chairman of the
Women's Vocational Committee,
announced.
The questionnaire will consist of
two parts—a vocational check list
and personal questions. All winter
quarter Vocom programs will be
based on the individual preferences
indicated on the list. Miss Porter
said. The personal questions will
be followed up by information con
cerning mn'ors and careers.
In 1892. the year that the Califor
nia series began, not one but two
Big Games were played. The first
one was played in April. Stanford
winning 14 to 10, while the second
was played in the fall and wound up
in a 10-all tie.
