# Card Trackmen Elect Fred George Captain
## 
### 
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
Fred George, Stanford's quar
tcr-miler and anchor man on the
mile relay team, was elected cap
tain of the Indian track team for
the 1954 season.
George will run up against
Michigan's Jack Carroll, the 1953
Biff Ten 440 champ, when the
Cards host the powerful Wolver
ine cindermen Saturday in the
Stadium. Chrroll has been clocked
in 46.1 for a relay lap.
