# French Smash Rebel Artillery
## 
### 
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
HANOI, Indochina, March 2!)
(LIP) A strong French Union force,
smashing out of Dien Bien Phu,
killed 1,000 Communists and wiped
out a bit; rebel artillery nest in their
first major offensive since tly Red
siege armies closed in two weeks
ago, the high command announced
today.
The strike may have been the first
move by Colonel Christian de Cas
tries, commander ol the beleaguered
fortress in northwest Indochina, to
seize the initiative from the numer
ically .stronger Communist legions,
military sources said.
De Castries, who has won high
praise from President Eisenhower
for his masterful defense of Dien
Bien Phu, hurled an armor-tipped
column of Foreign Legionnaires,
Moroccan fSnums, and Viet Nam in
fantrymen into a pincers attack on
the Communist stronghold of Ban
gongpet yesterday.
