# Major League Results
## 
### 
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
The Giants started the season
off with a bang by blasting out
five homeruns, two by Willie
Mays. Warren Spahn started
against the Giants. He lasted
seven innings.
Besides Willie Mays' two home
runs, Orlando Cepcda, rookie J.
C. Hart, and Tom Haller had one
each.
Scores of games:
NATIONAL I.KACiI K
San Francisco 8, Milwaukee 1
Chicago 8, Pittsburgh 1
AMERICAN LEAGI II
Minnesota 7, Cleveland (i
Baltimore 5, Chicago 3
