# Rights Conference
## 
### 
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
Registration for tlie Civil
Rights Conference will begin
today. The $2 registration fee
includes preferential seating at
speeches, working; papers, semi
nars, delegate nain e tags.
Ticket sales for the conference
which begins Thursday, April
23, will be held in front of the
Post Offie and (lie Engineering
Corner.
