# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
With this, the last regular issue of
the Daily Palo Alto for the present
semester, we wish to conclude the year
with a word concerning the life of the
paper during that period and to touch
upon the circumstances and elements
that have made the present condition of
the paper possible. At the beginning
of this semester, the University daily
was entrusted to one of the most inter
ested and capable editors-in-chief who
ever assumed these editorial respon
sibilities. The standard of the paper
has been established by the unselfish
efforts of the now deposed editor to
whom great credit is due for the ex
cellent results that he has obtained in
his work for the Daily Palo Alto.
Difficulty will be encountered next
semester in maintaining the high
standard set by the former editor-in
chief.
We wish also at this time to compli
ment and express our gratification to
those, who, as members of the staff,
have served so fathfully in the inter
ests of the paper and who have devoted
so much of their time to raise the
standard of the official Student Body
organ. Without their assistance and
persistant efforts, the publication of
the University daily would not be pos
sible.
