# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
DANCING
DANCE —Frances K. Davies School.
Special ballroom and ballet in
struction. Appointments day and
evening. Tap Dancing direction
of Fred Pearman. 431 Waverley.
Phone 5590.
DANClNG—('lasses Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Phone 3369. Private lessons by
appointment.
FOR TEACH BUS OF THE DANCE
Special summer courses by
Mine. iYlarisco. Western Songs
Studio, 1351 Sutter St., S.F.
ORdw. 0225.
SITUATIONS OPEN
WANTED —Graduates, men or wo
men, this quarter who desire an
entirely new line of business.
Confer with C. W. Wilmert, Post
olTice Box 48, P.A.
