# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
U.C.L.A. recently inaugurated a
"Green Day" at which time all of
fices were turned over to freshmen
and a special green edition of the
"Daily Bruin" was published.
