# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
A Birmingham, Alabama, resident
of 63 years is cutting his third
set of teeth.
