# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
Competition is keen in a race to
get the highest number of inches
published in the Oregon State Ma
nometer. At present a freshman is
leading with 845 inches in three
weeks.
