# THURSDAY IS DAY SET FOR SALE OF '31 OPERA SEATS
## 
### 
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
Sent sale for "Mardi Gras,"
11n* Junior Opera to be pre
sented on May 17, is set lor
1 o'clock on Thursday, May S,
it was announced yesterday by
tiie Dramatic Council.
The opera, with a gay Now
Orleans setting, was written
by Helen Thompson, Joe
Thompson, and Nelson Carter,
and is directed by Harold Hel
venston. Leading parts are to
be played by Jean Jamison,
Trow Stephens, Helen Ward,
John Skinner, Tom Pike, An
nele Magee, and Harry Logan.
Seats will he sold at .$1.50,
$1.25, and $1.00 and may be
secured at Dodson's in Palo
Alto as well as at the Union.
Early application is advised by
Ralph Campiglia, dramatic
manager.
