# CARNEGIE CHEMIST TALKS
## 
### 
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
Dr. Smith of the Carnegie insti
tute will speak on "The chemistry
of tlie Yellow Leaf Pigments and
Possible Relationship to Photosyn
thesis" at the regular chemistry
seminar this afternoon at 4 o'clock
in room 20 of the chemistry build
ing.
