# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
U.S.C. students have parking
troubles too. Aid of the "cops" has
been enlisted (o keep Trojans from
leaving their cars in front of the
administration building, but warn
ings, not tags, are to lie given.
