# GOLFERS DRIVE 1200 PELLETS OVERBOARD
## 
### 
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
Twelve hundred golf halls were
driven off the docks of the S.S.
Maurctania in one day as part of
the practice of the American golf
ers traveling to Europe to partici
pate in the. Walker Cup tourney.
According to Associated Press dis
patches, passengers on the boat
have been speculating on the
thoughts of Harry Lauder, also
making the trip, as the famed Scots
man watched the balls sink beneath
the billows.
