# Daily Business Staff Needs More Workers
## 
### 
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
Ail students interested in
working on the business staff of
the Stanford Daily this quarter
are asked to contact Paul Berg,
business manager, any afternoon
at the Daily Shack. No experi
ence is required.
