# Press Employees Ask Wage Boost
## 
### 
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
A satisfactory agreement on nego
tiations between Stanford Press em
ployees, members of the California
Allied Printing Trades Conference,
and Stanford officials was indicated
yesterday after a second meeting
held Monday.
Printers have asked for a boost in
weekly wages from $55 to $66.50 and
a drop in the working week from 40
hours to 38.
