# Teaching Scoop Given at Vocom
## 
### 
Speech therapy is a new and wide
open field for education majors,
said Mrs. Dorothy Molyneaux at
Women's Vocom meeting last night.
Teachers in speech correction can
also go into drama and public
speaking.
Miss Phyllis Levine, physical ed
ucation instructor at Sequoia Union
High School in Redwood City, ex
plained requirements and experi
ences in her field. Women PE teach
ers are badly neededâ€”but they have
to have strong constitutions and the
patience ot Job.
As dean of girls at Mountain
View High School, Miss Lou Anne
Lawton hears hundreds of teen-age
girls' problems, and finds her time
divided among school basketball
games, dances, and various club ac
tivities in her town. She said posi
tions for counselors are limited, and
open ones are usually filled by for
mer teachers.
