# Sophs to Sponsor Farm Style Show
## 
### 
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
Ten Stanford girls will model
spring fashions at the Sophom >re
"Y" show tonight at 7:15 on the
main floor of the Women's Club
house.
Marion Erwin of the Clothes
Closet will comment on the dresses,
explaining what to wear to teas,
luncheons, atternoon weddings, eve
ning weddings, and other occasions.
Models are Sue Decker, Doris
Cooper, Jane Troxell, Jean Stein -
rnctz, Jane Alabaster, Jean McCrea,
Zelle Letts, Nancy Toll, and Cyn
thia Hokum.
