# 'Y' Hour to Feature Broadway Show Hits
## 
### 
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
Musical comedy and light opera
will be played at the Junior YWCA
Music Listening Hour this after
noon from 4:15 to 5:30 in the "Y"
lounge.
Chairman Doris Cooper said that
selections will be chosen from "An
nie Get Your Gun," "Oklahoma,"
"Bloomer Girl," "Red Mill," and
"Carrousel.' '
