# Junior Weekend Plans Discussed
## 
### 
Pans for the Junior Weekend,
May 0 and 7, were discussed last
night at a meeting of junior class
living group representatives.
The weekend will include a show
dance, Friday night; a water car
nival, Saturday afternoon; and the
Junior Prom, Saturday evening.
Juniors interested in working on
the Prom should contact Paul Cas
sidy at the Delta Chi house, or
Betsy Whiteside at Branner. Writ
ers and anyone with ideas for the
show Friday night are urged to get
in touch with Bob Gibson at the Phi
Kappa Sigma house. Those inter
ested in helping on the carnival
should call Allen Bietz at the Kap
pa Alpha house.
A list of all committees and
events will be posted outsie'e the
ASSU office today, and all juniors
are urged to up.
