# Glenn Davis May Coach Army Frosh Next Fall
## 
### 
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
WEST POINT, N.Y., Feb. 16 (/Pi.
—Glenn Davis, former All-America
halfback at Army, may return to
West Point next fall and help coach
the Cadets' freshman football team.
Coach Red Blaik said tonight it's
customary for the War Department
to transfer four or five young lieu
tenants to the Academy for a tem
porary tour of duty, and he added:
"I hope one of them is Davis. I'd
like to have him."
