# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
The offering of two trophies for
the encouragement, of cross-country
running is an effort to introduce here
a sport already prominent at many
universities, and which we hope to
see put on a definite basis at Stan
ford. Distance running in the fall,
in. addition to being an event well
worth while in itself, will undoubt
euiy do much to condition the Car
dinal athletes who meet California
on cinder path and field in the
spring. If the cross-country run is
to become an annual affair, however,
enough interest must be shown this
fall to warrant its continuance.
There is yet plenty of time for men
familiar with distance work to put
themselves in good condition and we
urge that the entry list on the day
of the run be a large one.
