# Net Queen Set for British Matches
## 
### 

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.

ALICE MARBLE, America's ranking woman tennis player, was im
pressive in backhand work iust before she left New York with the
Wightman Cup team, which will play in the British championship
matches June 10 and 11.
