# Pi Lambda Theta President Chosen
## 
### 
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
Alice Westbrook was elected next
year's president of Pi Lambda Theta.
women's national education frater
nity, Thursday night, according to
an announcement made Friday by
Pat Hamilton, this year's president.
Helen Conkling will be vice
president; Frances Terrell, secre
tary; Barbara Perry. treasurer;
Rhoda Manning, keeper of the rec
ords; and Elizabeth Gurinsky, his
torian.
