# Bustling Seniors Lead Socialites
## 
### 
Socially, the Farm hummed.
Leading the parade was the party
minded senior class under the lead
ership of President Bob Mc√üoskey.
Opening the way as the first clas.s
sponsored activity, the Senior Prom,
chairmanned by A1 Hyman, left
campus swingsters gaping by first
engaging Eddy Duchin to furnish
the music and then sticking to the
i plan of limiting ticket sales,
j Junior joymen started late on the
campus parade, ended strong. Only
first quarter development was the
formation of a class council under
Junior Class President Dave Ryus.
Winter brought not only a rush of
activity but also a swell in class

funds. First Cal-Stanford Jamboree
was considered a success by some,
snickered at by others, but the fin
ancial status of the Junior Prom
left no question.
Stepping into line with the Clyde
McCoy orchestra as bait, the Don
Berger-led Sophs opened fall quar
terly developments with their an
nual cotillion, a popular and finan
cial success. Winter found them
idle, but with the coming of spring
they picked up the lost thread with
the Home Drive's Soph Carnival.
Year's doings for '40 closed a week
later with the barbecue at Half
Moon Bay.
