# The 						Daily Glances Back and Sees a Year of Stanford Change
## Activity Groups Keep Students on the Jump 
### DWIGHT HUTCHINSON WILSON CANNON 
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
When asked by the managing edi
tor to chronicle This Year at Stan
ford, your reporters slipped away to
the files room, barricaded them
selves with reams of copy paper,
bound issues of The Daily's Vol- j
umes 92 and 93, a somewhat de- !
crepit electric fan, and a handy
telephone. The results of their af
ternoon's perigrinations follow in
these columns.
