# Stepp Appoints Business Staff
## 
### 
Dick Stepp, newly appointed busi
ness manager of the Stanford Daily,
has announced his new business
staff for next year. The eleven po
sitions will be filled as follows:
San Francisco advertising man
ager, Russell Curtis; North Palo
Alto advertising manager, Jim Cut
ler; South Palo Alto advertising
manager, Frank Bush; classified ad
vertising manager, Phil Everist;
promotion manager, Thad McCarty;
office manager, Enid Kuchel; ac
countant, A1 Kohler; assistant pro
motion manager, Betty Davis; as
sistant office manager, Virginia
Bussell; advertising account manag
ers, Jim Woods and Bob V. Morris.
Curtis, Cutler, Bush, and Everist
will compete for the position of
business manager of the 1939-40
Daily, according to Stepp.
