# Card Sailors Enter Coast Yacht Races
## 
### 
A Sailing Club meeting has been
called for today by President Frank
Lippman to choose a crew for the
Pacific Coast Intercollegiate Yacht
Racing Championship to be held this
year at San Pedro.
John Bowman, well known
Southern California skipper, sailed
Stanford to a fourth place in last
year's series which was won by Bill
Slater, representing U.C.L.A. Al
though a definite date has not yet
been set for the competition this
spring, entries are expected from
Stanford, Cal Tech, U.C.L.A., Ari
zona, U.S.C., Cal, and San Diego
State.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
engagement of Margaret Adams
Loud, '38, to Charles S. Jackson,
'37, El Toro, and Naomi June Bry
ant, '38, to Daniel Cummins Lock
wood, Jr., '39, Alpha Kappa Lambda.
