# EMPLOYE KILLED
## 
### 
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
Albert Gay, employed by the
University as an engineer in the
corporation yard, died last night as
a result of a head-on automobile
collision on El Camino Real, high
way patrol officers reported. Five
other persons were injured in the
accident
