# Farm Chinese Attend Meet
## 
### 
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
Stanford freshman Mary Horn
has been chosen to represent the
Stanford Chinese Students' Club at
the oratorical contest at this year's
Chinese Students' Intercollegiate
Organization annual conference.
The conference, whose theme is
"Our Place Under the Sun" will be
held today, tomorrow, and Sunday
at the University of California in
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford in the all
star basketball game between the
northern and southern colleges and
universities will be Gordon Chan
and Luke Chan.
Other events of the conference
will include a dance, banquet, and
talent, show.
Other Stanford students planning
to attend are Francis Wong, Allan
Gan, Steve Gee, Meryl-Jean Chan,
Daisy Chan, and Harry Leong.
