# Farm Alumni Membership Drive Ends
## 
### 
The drive for membership in the
Stanford Alumni Association which
is being carried on by the officers of
the senior class under the direction
of Robert '"Bones" Hamilton, alumni
director, is scheduled to end today.
Since Tuesday, representatives of
all the living groups on campus have
been acquainting their classmates
with the advantages of membership
in the alumni association and col
lecting dues of $50 for life member
ship for seniors or $60 for alumni.
Gathering Information
As well as collecting dues, repre
sentatives have been gathering in
formation which may be useful later
in making business contacts and in
locating former class members.
Representatives Named
'"Since we have been unable to
contact off-campus seniors and those
not living in any living group, it is
hoped that any such person inter
ested in alumni membership will
contact the Alumni office," said Bob
Prebel, student chairman.
Representatives of men's living
groups are Em Rogers, Alpha Delt;
Bruce Howard, A.K.L.; Bob Barker,
Alpha Sig; Denny Green, Beta; Tom
Oliger, Chi Psi; Jim Niebel, Delta
Chi; Shelly Parker, Delt; Lee Peake,
D.U.; Clyde Curley, K.A.; Granny
Lee, K. Sig; George Hellyer, Phi
Psi; Jim Julien, Phi Kap; A1 Maurer;
Joe Davis, S.A.E.; Jim Goult, Sig
Chi; Fred Weisel, Sig Nu; Ted Car
penter. Theta Delt; Bob Stephenson,
Theta Zi; Jack Dana, Zete; Paul
Shute, Breakers; Bob Preble, Wong's
Tong; and A1 Johnson, Co-op House.
Representatives of women's living
groups are Barbara Clausen, A.O.Pi;
Mary Supple, Alpha Phi; Margaret
Brigham, Chi O.; P. A. Palmer, Tri
Delt; Jeanne Tangeman, Gamma Phi;
Hank Wallace, Theta; Mary Leonard,
Kappa; Roella Ford. Pi Phi; Helen
Xnight, Delta Gamma; Shirley
3eine, Hawthorne; B. Robison, La
gunita; Nancy Jane Burrel, Elm; B.
Bassett, Manzanita; B. L. Luhnow,
Mariposa, Berna Cilker, Oaks; and
Vernice Hines, Union.
