# Mural Notice
## 
### 
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
Table tennis drawings are now
posted on the mural board in the
Encina gym.
Intramural director Elwyn Bugge
advises that play begin at once.
