# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
In light of the spirit and enthus
iasm shown by the men on the
football field last evening, the atti
tude of the bleachers is the more
deserving of scathing criticism.
Finding fault with those who watch
the practices is in a certain way
unjust, being perhaps somewhat
analagous to the ill humor of the
professor who vents his spleen on
those present because there are so
many vacant chairs in his class
room. Those who stay away from
practice are beyond question de
serving of the deepest censure for
lack of support to their University.
An appeal to this class is, as a rule,
productive of no results, for it is
the same class which does not sup
port its college paper. But even
those who have taken the first step
in the right direction are laggards
on the path. The bleachers last
night were as still and quiet as are
those of California when Stanford
has the ball. This state of affairs
must not continue. The bleachers
should initiate the spirit of the
field. Last night they failed
even to imitate it. Let every
one come out to watch the prac
tices and support his team and
his University. Let everyone who
does come out throw reserve and
false dignity to the winds, give

himself up to the enthusiasm which
thrills him. Let him cheer, ap
plaud, individually and under
leaders, so that every man on the
field will appreciate that he is
backed hy the University and feel
that he is not playing a lone hand
with his fellows as impassive spec
tators.
