# Subscriptions for Tennis Courts.
## 
### 
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
The matter of soliciting subscrip
tions for new tennis courts is being
held in abeyance temporarily until
Manager Edwards can receive esti
mates on the work. Bids are being
taken from different parties, and it
is the manager's idea to know just
how much money is needed before
sending out subscription lists. A
few days will probably see these
papers in circulation.
