# Collegiate Society Officers.
## 
### 
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
The Collegiate Debating Society
of San Jose, composed of Stanford
students whose homes are in that
city, organized for the semester last
night, as follows: President, Augus
tine Jones,'o4; secretary, True Van
Sickle, '05; members of the Inter
society Debating League, Claudt
Winans, '03, Frank Roelir, '04,
Alexander Sherriffs', '05. The
society meets every week in Judge
Rosenthal's court room, and is sup
plied with gas lighting by the city.
