# Adv. 30 Page 11
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
HELP WANTED
Great Things
Happen Here
Seneca Center is a nonprofit agency
striving to provide the very best
services to each child and family
placed in our care. We are seeking
dedicated individuals who want to
become part of our team, helping
children and families during some of
the most difficult times of their
lives. If you are serious about
joining a dedicated group of
professionals, then Seneca is the
right place for you! The following
great opportunities are available:
Residential
Counselors
Awake Overnight
Counselors
Community-Based
Counselors
Classroom
Counselors
Activity
Leaders
We offer competitive salaries and
excellent benefits, induding 4 weeks
of FTO. Superb training program and
scholarships available. Join our team
and make a difference in the life of
a child. We have sites located
throughout Alameda, GontaGosta, San
Fransico, and Solano Counties. Ref
job# 5D0206 and email resumes to:
hr@seneq»center.org, or FAX to
(510) 276-6828. For more info,
call 510-317-1437. EOE
www,sent?<;<»<;enterjara
Seneca Center
Cartoon
for the
Classifieds.
Zagg&lJjj
