# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
J. R. Ct. Tliompson, ex-'lB, is on
the campus for a few days. Tliomp
son, now an ensign, lias been on duty
on the battleship Oregon, but is at
present waiting orders. He is a mem
ber of Kappa Alpha.
