# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
Miss Theresa Marston, ex-'l9, is
visiting at the Chi Omega house dur
ing Junior Week.
