# SATURDAY A HOLIDAY
## 
### 
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
Acting President Marx has formally
decreed Saturday as a holiday in
honor of the founders of the Univer
sity. All college work will be sus
pended.
