# President Baer To Address Men.
## 
### 
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
John Willis Baer, president of
Occidental College, who will speak at
the Chapel services Sunday morning,
will also address the men at the reg
ular devotional exercises of the Y.
M. C. A. in the afternoon. Special
music will be rendered by the male
quartet.
