# No Further Action By Committee.
## 
### 
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
A short, meeting of the Student
Affairs Committee was held yester
day, but no action was taken rela
tive to the unfinished matters re
ferred for decision to the new body
by Durand's committee. It is prob
able, however, that Chairman Clark
will call a meeting of some import
ance in the .course of the next few
days.
