# Change in Gym. Work.
## 
### 
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
The advanced students in the gym
nasium classes are now taking la
crosse, basketball, and track work
instead of the regular apparatus
work.
