# WEATHER
## 
### 
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
Chance of rain today, 60 per
cent. High temperatures in the
upper 50's. Southerly winds 10-
20 m.p.h.
