# FRIDAY
## 
### 
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
Most wanted
The Sacramento landlady that has
been the object of a state wide
hunt since seven bodies were
found in her yard was captured
Wednesday Page 3
Thunderchickens
One of the many curious sugges
tions to replace the former Stan
ford mascot of the Indian was The
Thunderchickens, though the Car
dinal was finally chosen Page 6
