# Offensive chants at Republican rally
## 
### 
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
I was deeply offended by some of the
sentiments expressed at the Stanford
Republican's victory celebration. Let
me first state that I believe that the
College Republicans had every right to
celebrate Bush's convincing victory.
Their organization put a great deal of
time and effort into George Bush's
campaign and are completely justified
in celebrating the attainment of their
goals.
What I found extremely offensive
were the pro-CIA, pro-Contra, anti-
Sandinista chants made by one male
member of the Republicans and his
description of George Bush as a "free
dom fighter."
While that Republican is entitled to
his opinion, provided that he has
seriously studied the situation and has
valid justification for his beliefs (and I
would like to remind him that, as
recent events at Stanford have proven,

ignorance is no longer considered a
valid excuse), the manner in which he
chose to express those opinions was
both politically irresponsible and dan
gerous.
His nationalistic chants were neither
acceptable nor appropriate. Everyone
must take responsibility for his or her
statements and actions, but as a mem
ber of a political organization, that
Republican has an additional obligation
to act responsibly, an obligation which
he did not fulfill on Nov. 9.
Suzanne Dequer
Junior, Economics and Political Science
