# INSIDE
## 
### 
Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

Joyful
and NCAA-bound would be
women's soccer with an
upset of North Carolina.
See Sports, page 7

It's not
a treaty but James Baker
has proposed a new arms
control initiative.
See World & Nation, page 3

1906
was a far more devastating
year for earthquake
damage at Stanford.
See Features, page 6

