# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
dsfyTore
couples
ix>me to
Carlyle Jewelers
for iheir
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and hare found that
Carlvlc's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
//rices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlti/e
J JlwlklM
111 Iryl l»f>
X2S-2BM
