# World & Nation
## Security Council waits for U.S. plan Balkan peace on hold 
### 
UNITED NATIONS (AP) -
The Security Council convened
yesterday to discuss stalled
Bosnian peace efforts, yet
could do little but wait for
President Clinton to decide on
his policy before considering
collective action.
"We're still reviewing policy;
we'll have something for you
soon," U.S. Ambassador
Madeleine Albright said on her
way into the council meeting.
In Washington, the Clinton
administration is considering
the appointment of a special
envoy who would work with
mediators and Bosnian fac
tions, said administration
sources, on the condition of
anonymity.
The 15-nation council met
for several hours yesterday to
review a plan to carve Bosnia-

Herzegovina into provinces
dominated by Serbs, Croats or
Muslims. The warring groups
failed to agree over the week
end, and swift and decisive
council action was unlikely.
The world body is divided on
how to deal with the Bosnian
war. Secretary of State Warren
Christopher told U.N. envoy
Cyrus Vance on Monday that a
State Department analysis of
new U.S. policy is not quite
ready, U.N. spokesman Fred
Eckhard said.
Eckhard said the U.N. peace
plan is on hold until Washing
ton decides.
Clinton has not endorsed
the U.N. plan to divide Bosnia
into 10 semi-autonomous
provinces, believing it would
reward the Serbs for their ter
ritorial conquests.
