# Adv. 32 Page 10
## 
### 
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
No gain.No pain.
Keeping your weight at a
moderate level may scale
down your risk of heart at
tack. So maintain a healthy
diet and lighten up on your
heart.
S/r
American Heart
Association
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
VOUR LIFE
There are
three million
Americans
alive today
who have nad
cancer. And
now one out
of two cancer
patients
get well!
"While we can think
While we can talk
While we can stand
While we can walk
While we can fight
While we can give
Join our quest for
Life right now!"
Leslie Uggams, Honorary
National 75th Anniversary
Chairperson, for the
American Cancer Society.
Join us with your
generous contributions
of money and time.
Commemorating
tears of Lite!
Join us
