# Adv. 10 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
Deadline for "Once Around tb«
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
fox* "-r
IN CINEMASCOPE
"New Facet of 1952"
and "ALASKA SEAS'*
