# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
helen hartmire
538 Ramona
Palo Alto
• • •
DRESSES
Nylons, acetates, taffetas,
and cottons.
Formerly to $25.00
Now $6
LONG AND
SHORTIE COATS
Fabrics from the better mills.
This season's styles and
colors.
Formerly to $39.00
Now $19
