# Examiner Calls Dean Wimbager
## 
### 
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
The San Francisco Examiner, in
its Sunday Peninsula section, de
voted most of one page to the
Con Home Drive.
The story is accurate except for
one slight mistake. In writing
about (he awards for the Con
Home King and Queen, they said:
"The awards will be made Friday
by Dean of Students if. Donald
Wimbager."
