# SWIMMER NIXON INJURED
## 
### 
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
Varsity swimmer Carver Nixon
suffered a fractured skull in an ac
cident at Lake Lagunita on Sunday. '
