# '54 Reunion Scheduled For Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
The senior class will hold its
first r,cunion of the quarter at
Chez Yvonne after the Con Home
barbecue tomorrow.
Dress is casual, according to
Hank Baumgartner, chairman of
the event.
