# Shakespearean Stage Is Topic Of Series Talk
## 
### 
"Shakespeare's Stage and Stage
craft" will be the topic of Dr. John
C. Adams in the Tuesday Evening
Series tonight at 7:30 in Memorial
Auditorium. #
Adams is president of Hofstra
College at Hempstead, Long Island.
The lecture will be illustrated by
colored slides of the ' scale model
Globe Playhouse which he built, and
which is now on exhibit at the Fol
ger Shakespeare Library in Wash
ington, D.C.
Scenes from plays presented at the
annual Hofstra Shakespeare Festival
on a reproduction of the Globe stage
will be included among the slides.
"The Globe Playhouse," a book
written by Adams, is regarded as
the definitive research work on the
Shakespearean stage. He has car
ried on research studies at the Brit
ish Museum. Folger Library, the Li
brary of Congress, and university li
braries in thus country and England.
He also spent two years at King's
College, Cambridge.
A former professor of English, lie
has been a faculty member of Cor
nell and Syracuse universities.
