# Biz School Wives Will Get Degrees
## 
### 
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
D.M.S. degrees, certificates for
Doctor of Moral Support awarded to
Business School wives, will be pre
sented tomorrow night at 7:30 at
L'Omelette's.
The meeting will be attended by
Dean and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson of
the Business School, married club
members, and 30 of the husbands and
wives who are to receive their de
grees.
Mrs. Jackson will present the
awards.
