# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
PHOTO CLUB MEETING
Wednesday, May 25 at 7:3opm
Wilbur Hall Screening Room
GEORGE STEINMETZ,
San Francisco-based Corporate
and Editorial photographer
and World Traveller
■i
!^SH!SS!SSS!S!!SS!!SSHS!!!!SSSSSSSSSSS!SSSSS!SSS!SS!S!ni9iISB
