# Business School Gives Executive Development Aid
## 
### 
General managers, vice-presi
dents, directors, and superintend
ents of 40 top companies in the
nation are currently going to
school at the Stanford Graduate
School of Business.
The 50 top business executives,
including two from foreign lands,
are attending Stanford's sixth an
nual Executive Development Pro
gram which began Monday (June
25).
The executives have come from
cities throughout the United
States, from Australia, and from
Mexico to attend the eight-week
study conference. The program
is designed to supplement their
employers' "on-the-job" training
of key men.
Firms represented include such
well-known companies as Pacific
Gas and Electric, United States
Steel, Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph, Standard Oil, American
Potash and Chemical Corporation,
Crown Zellerbach, Du Pont, Lock
heed Aircraft, Tidewater Oil,
United Air Lines, Southern Pa
cific, and Kennecott Copper.
Under the direction of Profes
sor Paul E. Holden, the Stanford
Executive Development Program
seeks to expand the executive's
consciousness of social, economic
and political influences which af
fect business.
It is also aimed at developing a
top management perspective, an
aptitude for considering problems
from the viewpoint of the com
pany as a whole, and added pro
ficiency in the use of basic man
agement techniques.
The program consists of ten
distinct courses taught by 11 fac
ulty members of the Stanford
Graduate School of Business. All
instruction is conducted on a
group participation basis, with
professors as discussion leaders.
Actual case-problems drawn from
business provide the basic part of
the course material.
