# Dr. Schwinger Summer Prof
## 
### 
World â€¢ renowned theoretical
physicist Julian S. Schwinger has
joined Stanford's faculty for the
summer session.
Dr. Schwinger, professor of
physics at Harvard University, is
visiting professor of physics and
mathematics.
His special fields are nuclear
physics and quantum electrody
namics. During the summer quar
ter he will lecture on "Differen
tial Equations of Field Theory."
A member of the National
Academy of Sciences and recipi
ent of the biennial Einstein award,
he received his Ph.D. from Colum
bia University in 1938. Before
going to Harvard in 1946 he
taught at the University of Cali
fornia, Purdue, and Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.
