# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.

ONE WAY TO TOKIO-Possible course of Allied drive across
Pacific to establish new bases in China, recently released by
Admiral Nimitz as his basic strategy. Seizure of air and naval
bases on northern Jap-held island of Luzon would not necessi
tate reconquest of Philippines. Naval expedition would recap
ture ports on Chinese coast.
