# Adv. 32 Page 9
## 
### 
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
Now in Palo Alto
at robert krohn's
many color combinations
in tie and slip-on style
for men and women
robert krohn sr."
40 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto 326-0525
