# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
Tape Decks
Ik-■ "Ti -j.
j a r
1, 3i p 112 ■ 0
I.twiwmiinilllillll ■♦***
Pioneer CT-F5OO
front-loading cassette
deck with Dolby*
noise reduction. We
include 3 TDK SA 90-
minute cassettes
plus a TDK HC-05
tape deck
maintenance kit at $H|OQ
one low price! Iw9
Sony TC-K35 front
loading cassette deck
with Dolby* NR.
Below our former $4 y />
dealer's cost! I'iy
'Dolby is a trademark
of Dolby Laboratories
Turntables
BSR 4208 belt-drive
record changer with
ADC QLM-32 $/§(%
magentic cartridge.
B*l*C 40Z record
changer. Cartridge $aa
extra.
Pioneer PL-200 direct
drive turntable with ,
automatic tonearm
return and shut-off. $44A
Cartridge extra. | I9
