# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
"Oklahoma"
Albums
While they last!
Sung by original members
of the New York Cast
also
"Winged Victory
Selections"
written by
MOSS HART
includes
THE WHIFFENPOOF
SONC
and
THE ARMY AIR CORPS
SONC
HAGES
STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
301 University Ave.
_______________
