# Contest finals Set March 21
## 
### 
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
A trip to Washington, D.C., and
Mexico will be awarded the winner
of the Western Slates finals of the
national discussion contest on Inter-
American Affairs to be held on cam
pus Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Dorothy Bailey of Palo Alto and
Enrique Sidwell of Buenos Aires,
representing Stanford, will meet
with Donald Ranstetter, University
of Colorado. Darlene Dickson, Wil
lamette University in Salem, Ruth
Mcintosh, Pasadena Junior College,
and Jean Hulme and Merrill Her
mansen, both from Snow College,
Utah, in the afternoon roundtable,
and each contestant will give a
seven-minute talk on an assigned
subject followed by a general dis
cussion in the evening.
Mutual network will carry part of
the round-table discussion scheduled
for 2:30 in Cubberlev Auditorium,
under the leadership of Professor
Max Savelle. The broadcast will be
gin at 3 o'clock.
Dean Edwin A. Cottrell of the so
cial sciences school will preside at
(he evening meeting, which will be
gin at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
