# Untitled Article
## 
### 

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.

U.S. Army Arr Forces Photo
NEW POST—Brig. Gen.
Benjamin F. Giles, who suc
ceeds Maj. Gen. Ralph
Royce as commander of U.S.
Army Forces in Middle East,
with headquarters in Cairo.
His command extends from
India to Atlantic coast of
Africa. Gen. Royce is trans
ferred to an undisclosed
theater of operations.
