# DUKE PROF TO COME HERE
## 
### 
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
Dr. Paul H. Clyde, of Duke Uni
versity, an authority on United
States foreign policy in the Pacific,
was appointed today as acting pro
lessor of history at Stanford Uni
versity for the Summer Quarter,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced.
