# NEW CALCULUS SECTION
## 
### 
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
An additional section of the five
unit course, Mathematics 43, Inte
gral Calculus, will be given Spring
Quarter on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday at 11
in Room 60, according to Mr. Harold
Maile Bacon, associate professor of
mathematics, who will teach the
course. This section will not be
listed in the Time Schedule for
Spring Quarter.
