# Will Use Schools as Social Centers.
## 
### 
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
Manhattan, Kansas, Sept. 3. —Hun-
dreds of school teachers in Kansas
have expressed their intention of ini
tiating social center activity in con
nection with their school work this
year. This is the result of the work
of Rev. Walter Burr, of the Rural Ser
vice Department of the Kansas Agri
cultural College, who, during the past
summer visited teachers' institutes,
presenting practical methods of mak
ing the .rural schools community cen
ters. lie suggested use of the rural
school house as an open forum for
th» discussing of agricultural prob
lems; traveling libraries and art col
lections for the walls of the school
room.
