# ONE -STEP
## SMALL HOLD FULL SWAY WOMEN'S CONFERENCE TAKES NEW STAND UPON PROGRESSIVE DANCING. FORMER RULING MEETS REVERSE 
### 
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
That progressive dancing will
henceforth be in order at campus
dances was the tenor of the decision
rendered Wednesday evening by the
Women's Conference at the first meet
ing of the year. The new plan pro
vides that the original conference
ruling, which prohibits "ragging" at
campus dances shall stand, whereas
last year's temperory regulation
against the so-called progressive danc
ing shall be removed. The ban is thus
lifted on those dances which have be
come generally accepted as the stand
ard ballroom forms, and the new rul
ing is understood to cover all the "new
dances," including the one-step, hesi
tation, tango and maxixe.
Copies of the resolution passed,
which are given below in full, will be
sent to the sororities and women's
club houses of the campus, and to the
president of the Men's Student Con
ference, to be acted upon at the first
meeting of that body.
The resolutions are as follows:
"Whereas, The distinction between
proper and improper dancing has be
come thoroughly understood, be it re
solved that the new dances be per
mitted. And be it further resolved
that improper dancing of any sort be
subject to disciplinary action by the
conference."
Attention is called to the following
regulation, passed by the conference,
November 12, 1913:
Moved, seconded and carried that
heads of the committees for dances,
such as class dances, jolly-ups and
Armory affairs submit to the Dean of
Women a list of the chaperones not
less than three days before such
dances.
