# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
Miss Florence .T. Orr, '12, a member
of the Stanford chapter of Kappa
Kappa Gamma, recently became the
bride of V. Jorgensen, who is a Cal
ifornia graduate.
