# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.

Rooftop Magic
—The popular local band Rooftop Magic will be featured at tomorrow's Friday Noon Concert
on the Tresidder patio. This will mark the beginning of live KZSU broadcasts of the STARTS
sponsored noon concerts.
