# Briefly
## 
### 
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
Senior Pub Night
Kick oil Rig Game Weekend with
the last senior pub night of the quar
ter. Wear spirited red attire and
purchase pitchers at special $1.50.
Come after Gaieties and be ready to
party. From 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Encina
Station.
Ink Bowl
Daily staffers should start getting
psyched for the annual Ink Bowl, Sat
urday morning at 10 a.m. with the Dai
ly Cal. The game will be held at Un
derbill Held, located at Channing Way
and College in Berkeley. The game is
considered one of the highlights of Big
Game Weekend.
