# COACH YBARRANDO QUITS SANTA CLARA
## 
### 
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
Tommy Ybarrando, former star foot
ball and baseball player of Santa
Clara University, and football coach
during the past season, has resigned
his position as baseball coach for the
coming year and has left the univer
sity. He is intending to go into the
real estate business in Los Angeles.
This leaves the Catholic institution
without a coach. Graduate Manager
Milburn is considering the names of
such men as Wolter, the former in
structor of the national pastime at
Santa Clara; Justin Fitzgerald, and
Hal Chase, to fill the vacancy. Any
one of these men would make an ex
cellent coach, but it. is not known at
this time whether they would accept
the position.
