# Lindberghs Again
## 
### 
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
Flying over the perilous South
Atlantic, the Lindys landed at Natal,
Brazil, amidst tremendous enthu
siasm. City declared unofficial holi
day in their honor, entire population
was on hand to greet them. During
1870-mile Might, Lindy averaged 121)
miles, Anne handled radio controls,
heavy plane bucked a still wind.
