# Receives Threats
## 
### 

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)

Helen Jacobs, national tennis
champion, reported to federal au
thorities in Boston that she had re
ceived several threatening letters
and appealed to them for help. (As
sociated Press Photo)
