# UNIFORMS CALLED IN
## 
### 
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
Military drill will cease for the
quarter after next week and all uni
forms should be turned in by basic
students after their last class in
order to receive a grade for the
work.
