# Psych Class to Make Last Visit to Agnew
## 
### 
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
Sleepy-cyed, somnolent abnormal
psychology students will pay their
last visit to the Agnew sanitarium
next Saturday morning, when they
will once more assemble there at 10
o'clock. The organic psychoses will
be the subject of the clinic.
This will conclude the field trips
made by the class during the quar
ter, under the direction of Profes
sor Calvin Stone. An all-day vi:;it
was made to Sonoma Home for the
Feeble-Minded in October, two visits
previously made at Agnew's, and an
expedition to the Veterans' Hospital
was held last week.
