# On Boxing Board
## 
### 

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)

H. L. Sperb (above), San Fran
cisco business man, has been ap
pointed a member of the California
state boxing commission by Gov.
James Rolph, jr. (Associated Press
Photo)
