# U.S.C. Control Groups Air Student Buying Problems
## 
### 
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
University of Southern California
collcctive buying problems, common
with those of Stanford, were thor
oughly aired at a meeting last week
of representatives from the inter
fralcrnity council, panhcllenic coun
cil, and professional interfraternity
council.
With co-operative buying defi
nitely dropped under the present
system, a co-operative management
system, featuring the hiring of an
expert on buying, kitchen supervi
sion, menu-making, social expenses,
;;nd rentals, is being considered.
Each fraternity will share the ex
penses of the central organization,
receive the hoped for monetary
benefit.
