# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
Chaparral—Tryouts will commence
immediately. For particulars see edi
tor. room 83, Encina hall.
