# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
Football has been made a "special
study" at Wesleyan University with
a regular faculty instructor.
