# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
Now in Stock!
NEW SODA POP SHADES
Lipstick Polish 29^
Also . . . Sun Classes
and Sun Tan Lotion
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
Stanford Shopping Center
