# Wisconsin Tornado
## 
### 
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
WAUPACA, Wis., Sept. 26 — A
tornado skipped through two sec
tions of Wisconsin killing six per
sons and injuring more than a doz
en, four seriously, today.
