# Untitled Article
## 
### 

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.

INTO THE CAVE—By means of rope ladder and other special
equipment, four Stanford students, members of the campus
Speleological Society, descended the forgotten Palmer Cave
deep in the wilderness of Sequoia National Forest.
