# Adv. 15 Page 7
## 
### 
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
EARNS2SOO!!! Bean
ADMIT WEEKEND COORDINATOR.
Apps due 10/B,spm. Download @
admission.stanford.edu/heroes
??? Contact peggysu@stanford.edu
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Palo Alto after school pick up /
help with homework for two kids
7& 12 y/o. Must have valid CDL
Mon to Thu 2:30 - 6:30 pm. $15/h
Prefer current Stanford student
Contact cmleedds@yahoo.com
Fun MP family needs exceptional
care for 4 lovable kids T/W/Th
from 1 -6. Must have car, CDL,
positive & nurturing attitude.
15-18 $/hr. Call 650-324-1887.
Youthful babysitter for 6 yr old
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDlVclean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
ATH family needs help w/2 kids,
7&10 -2:30-6:002-3 days/wk
lalboat@comcast.net 6503263283
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
