# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
"Oh-h-h-h-h!"
gurgles Dixie Deb.
"Those cute new
Deb-on-air
FLATS are in!"
5 00
Two oxfords and a sly little snip
of a ghillie. White, brown or
white with color. They're
SOMETHING!
