# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
I _ !
