# Encina Plans Open House for Friday
## 
### 
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
Plans for Encina Hall's open house
celebration Friday night after the
Stanford-U.C.L.A. basketball game
moved into full speed today as Ru
ben Mettler, hall president, an
nounced chairmen of five committees
to handle arrangements for the af
fair.
They are: Ham Do Jong, music
and entertainment; Pete Hatch, re
freshments; Silvio Onesti, advertis
ing; A1 Harris, decorations; and Paul
Greenberg, patrons and patronesses.
Their committees will be picked from
lists of volunteers posted in the hall
lobbies.
Assisting Mettler in general ar
rangements will be John Twitchell,
hall manager, and Bill Spragins,
frosh class president. Committees
will begin work today for the first
social affair, sponsors stated.

Cotton as a source of w.-ix has boon
cited by the agriculture department
as a new use for the South's crop.
