# DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Duane Zamzow, '43,
to Delta Tau Delta.
