# The 						Daily Votes
## 
### 
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
THERE will be no staff meeting of The Daily
today. But all members who have votes must
come to the Shack this afternoon to cast their
ballots.
