# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.

CHUCK ORTMAN. He runs, he kicks, he passes. Ortman is
Michigan's second triple-threat artist. The young halfback
teams with Teninga to give the Wolverines a double barrel
attack.
