# 'I' Club Reception
## 
### 
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
Farm foreign students will be
honored guests this afternoon at a
reception being sponsored by the
Stanford International Club. The
reception will be at the home of
Willard M. Waterous. 624 Mayfield
Avenue, between 4 and 6 p.m.
The"I" Club has planned the

event to give new and old foreign
students the opportunity to meet
members of the University adminis
trative staff and the student hosts
and hostesses.
