# First Sequoia Dance Is Scheduled For Tonight
## 
### 
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
Sequoia Hall will give the first dance
of the year this evening in the club
rooms. Music by Burgess' orchestra is
scheduled for the dance, which is open
to club members only. Decorations will
be very simple, and will carry out the
idea of the Cardinal colors through (lie
use of colored lights and pennants.
Dancing will last until 1 o'clock.
