# Band will teach superconductivity and pictionary
## 
### 
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
Well, this is it. The Stan
ford Band would like to
thank Stanford sports fans
for their continuous support
of Stanford's excellent ath
letic program. And, of
course, we would like to
thank and congratulate the
teams themselves. Beat Cal!
Pregame
For those of you who have
been having difficulty
keeping pace with the latest
technology, the Band offers
"the superconductivity
show." Unfortunately, that's
about all I understand. I'm
just a communications
m^jor.
Halftime
For halftime, the Band in
vites you to play along in
the biggest board game ever:
pictionary. Listen to the an
nouncer and see if you can
guess what words the Band
is pictorally depicting.
