# Quad.
## 
### 
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
H. Sepulveda, '12, left the campus
yesterday for a short trip to the east.
