# Navy League to Hold Seminar Today
## 
### 
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
Under the auspices of the Navy
League, a Science Seminar will he
held today at 2:30 p.m. in San
Francisco. All interested Stan
ford science and engineering stu
dents are invited to attend.

The meeting will be held at the
new Masonic Temple, 111 Califor
nia Street. Students coming ear
lier than 2:30 may see a display
of nuclear and electronic devices
and large-scale models of satel
lites. A group of nationally re
nowned scientists will speak at
the seminar.
Interested students should con
tact Captain D. B. Brokenshire at
campus extension 42G to make
reservations.
