# Rewardâ€”Poison Oak
## 
### 
Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

Stanford's I'lii Dolt chapter did this sort of work for the better
part of a Sunday in mid-April. Forty-five house members busied
themselves ('leaning; up a former nudist camp in the Soquel Hills
which had become overgrown with weeds and brush. It will be
converted to a girl scout camp this summer. The work project is
part of a national Phi Delt competition. The only drawback to the
day's work came when half of the workers came down with poison
oak. John Fowler headed the project.

