# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
Queens University, opened in
1842 at Kingston, Ont., was Can
ada's first to introduce student
self-government.
