# GORDON HECHE TO PLAY FOR BRANNER WINTER INFORMAL
## 
### 
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
Thoso attending Branner Club's j
winter informal dance, to be held j
tomorrow evening, will listen to ;
Gordon Heche's campus orchestra
playing in a modernistically deco
rated Hall.
Henry Reich, chairman of the |
Branner dance committee, has ar
ranged for elaborate drapes and
panels in contrasting colors, black 1
and silver. The refinishing of the
floors during Christmas vacation 1
have made an almost perfect dance |
floor.
Bids for the dance arc on sale at ,
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old Union
and in Rooms 201 and 229 Branner.
Those purchasing bids may obtain
programs at these rooms. Bids arc i
$2.00.
BAGDAD, Jan. 13. (#>)—lrak has ,
postponed introduction of its new :
currency, which was to have been
issued January 1. The money will I
be based on the pound sterling, but ,
not on gold. L
