# TRUSTEES MEET
## 
### 
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
The Board of Trustees of the
University will meet today at 1:43
o'clock in San Francisco for the
regular January meeting. The rou
tine business of appointments and
consideration of the budget will oc
cupy Ihe session. The Lower Divi
sion question will not be taken up.
