# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
APRILLE
Too bad the DAILY didn't
start yesterday so we could
make jokes and not get
serious about LP 45 and 78
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
