# CHAPEL IS BUSY
## 
### 
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
Vacation time was wedding litno
in Stanford's Memorial Church. The
chapel was the scene of eight Stan
ford marriages during the sprint*
recess—five of them on March 24,
the Saturday before Easter; two on
Easter Sunday; and one on the
following Saturday.
The Easter service in the chapel
drew a congregation of 2.000 wor
shippers, and ;.n additional 500
were turned away for lack of space.
