# BRUSSELS PROFESSOR IS VISITING CAMPUS
## 
### 
Dr. Jules Bordet, professor of bac
teriology, parasitology, and epidemiology
in the University of Brussels, and a
director of the /Pasteur Institute at
Brussels, Belgium, visited the campus
this morning, spending a considerable
portion of his time at the bacteriology
laboratories. Dr. Bordet is giving the
Hitchcock lectures at the University of
California, and was accompanied on his
trip to Stanford by Dr. A. P. Dustin;
professor of pathology in the University
of Brussels, and Dr. F. T. Gay and Dr.
W. P. Lucas of the University of Cali
fornia faculty.
Dr. Bordet's speqial field of research
is in immunity. During the war he was
practically a prisoner within the Ger
man lines in Brussels and occupied him
self with some investigation work, but
principally in completing a book on
Immunity.
