# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
The Daily Palo Alto will not lie
issued tomorrow or Friday, as
both of these days will be Uni
versity holidays.
