# Economies.
## 
### 
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
"Are you studying to be a political
economist?"
"No," replied the patient citizen.
"The world doesn't need so many po
litical economists now. What it de
mands now Is personal economists."*
