# Programs Ready for Distribution.
## 
### 
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
The Junior Prom Committee has
received the programs for the Prom,
and they are now ready for distri
bution among the men who have pur
chased tickets. Those living in En
cina or Palo Alto may receive their
programs from W. W. Southard, room
4f» Encina. The men on the Row
should see \. E. Ehrhorn, Delta Tau
Delta house.
