# Piano Stolen From Chi Psi
## 
### 
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
The theft of an electronic
piano, valued at $425, was dis
covered Tuesday in the Chi Psi
fraternity house. Michael Bor
ing, a member of Chi Psi, and
the owner of the instrument,
reported that he had stored the
portable, Hohner piano in a
closet prior to Christmas vaca
tion.
The Chi Psi house was left
unlocked and nearly uninhab
ited throughout the December
vacation, so the piano was pre
sumably taken over the holi
days, according to informed
souces.
The theft of 20 pipes from the
Memorial Church organ was
also reported during the same
period, but the two incidents,
both involving musical instru
ments, were reportedly uncon
nected.
Santa Clara County dctectives
are investigating the Chi Psi
theft.
