# Each Foreign Student Must Report Address
## 
### 
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
All students who are not United
States citizens are required to re
port their address to the Depart
ment of Justice in Washington,
D.C., every three month , M'.s.
Louise E. Vogel, forevjn student
adviser, said yesterday. Cards to
he used for this purpose may he
picked up at the office of the for
eign student adviser.
