# CROTHERS ELECTION
## 
### 
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
Crothers Hall elected the follow
ing officers at house meeting Tues
day evening: President, Charles
Wickman; vice-president and social
chairman, Fred Steiner (re-elect
ed); treasurer, Bruce Bevan; ath
letic chairman, Oliver Norville.
