# Reaching out-cheaply
## 
### RICK HUMPHRESS 
Between calling home for
money and conducting
long distance love affairs,
students use the phone a
lot. Everyone has heard of
the guy or girl down the
hall who talks for hours on
the phone and has succes
sive $100 phone bills.
Thanks to the free en
terprise spirit of the Re
gan administration, these
phone bills can be cut sub
stantially by taking advan
tage of the Bell system's
competitors. These com
panies fall roughly into two
categories: those modelled
after Bell like MCI and
Sprint and those who resell
lines bought from other
phone companies, which
boast rates 15 to 50 percent
lower than Bell.
Of the companies
modelled after Bell, Sprint
and MCI have the greatest
subscription. In terms of
rates and other charges,
both compare favorably
with Bell.
MCI charges a $10 sub
scription fee and monthly
charges only if the total
long distance bill is under
$25. Rates are determined
by the distance between
cities. A 10-minute call to
Seattle costs $3.70 in the
daytime, $1.80 in the eve
ning and $1.40 at night or
on Sunday. Unfortunately
for those who make a lot of
long-distance calls within
California, current regula
tions prohibit the use of
MCI and Sprint for in
trastate calls.
To use MCI, a student
needs only a touch-tone
phone hooked to regular
phone service. When users
want to place long distance
calls, they simply add their
personal access code to the
number they wish to reach.
The codes links the users to
MCI computers which tab
ulate their bills.
Sprint works in a similar
manner. Like MCI, it
divides the U.S. into zones
and charges rates accor
ding to mileage. That same

call to Seattle costs $4,
$1.75 and $1.35 for day,
evening and night calls
respectively. Although
Sprint charges no retalia
tion fee, there is a $5 ser
vice charge added to each
bill.
An even newer system is
being offered by resellers
who lease lines from a com
mon carrier such as Bell
and install a switch allowing
it to expand the number of
users. By buying the line
wholesale and selling it
retail, companies such as
U.S. Telephone Communi
cations and Combined Net
work can offer rates 50 per
cent lower that Bell and 15
to 20 percent lower than
Sprint or MCI.

Despite such stiff
competition, Bell
has managed to
keep a lion's
share of the
market. The Long
Lines division of
AT&T still
accounts for 96
percent of all
interstate calls.

Another cost-effective
measure resellers use is to
bill in smaller units of time.
While Bell rounds to the
nearest minute when com
puting bills, Combined
Network measures calls in
six-second intervals. With
Combined Network a five
minute-six-second call,
then, would be billed as a
5.1 minute call, rather than
a six-minute call.
Despite such stiff compe
tition, Bell has managed to
keep a lion's share of the
market. The Long Lines
Division of AT&T still ac
counts for 96 percent of all
interstate calls. Under the
terms of Bell's divestiture
agreement however, local

companies cannot give
preference to Bell Long
Lines so it must develop
codes similar to MCI and
Sprint. As a result, Bell's
market share will drop
when it is forced to com
pete with the two com
panies. Profits for these
companies and others may
suffer as they attempt to at
tract America's 80 million
households with phones.
The overall effect of all
these participants on the
telephone market is hard to
tell. Underselling by com
peting companies
produces market-clearing
prices, and most people
welcomed the entry of tele
communications firms like
MCI and Sprint, feeling that
their presence would mean
lower phone bills.
But the effects of the
telephone industry's trans
formation are not quite so
obvious. While some bills
will be smaller, many will
rise as AT & T cuts its sub
sidies to local calls in order
to compete in the long dis
tance market.
According to Newsweek,
37 cents of every long dis
tance dollar go to under
write local calls. This sub
sidy keeps the average
monthly bill for local ser
vices at $11.38. As part of the
AT & T divestiture suit,
however, the Federal Com
munication Commission
ordered local phone com
panies to raise rates to
reflect the true cost of the
service they provide. This
ruling means that the 8.9
million California sub
scribers to Pacific Tele
phone, as well as the rest of
the nation, can expect their
local service charges to
double.
For college students who
make many long distance
calls, total bills may get
smaller. Increased compe
tition has already cut Bell
rates by 50 percent, and
prices may drop further
when AT & T no longer has
to subsidize its 22 operating
companies.
