# Q-Feel— Q-Feel
## 
### 
This week's techno pick
Q-Feel is perhaps best
known tor their single
"Dancing in Heaven
(Orbital Be-Bop)." Though
it took over a year tor the
band to finish their first al
bum, it sounds as if it was
certainly worth the wait.
With every play, the bass
and percussion of each
track lodges itself deeper
into the listener's memory.

Somehow Q-Feel is able to
take every electronic trick
and gimmick in the indus
try and work it into their
special brand of dance
music. Impressive cuts in
clude "Go For It"and
"Crosstalk," as well as the
amazing "Dancing in
Heaven" which is included
in the album. We think
you'll like what you
hear. —Frank Bird

