# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
HHHmiHIiIHfIHHHHHHIiIHHHPmHHF
TONICHT Cr FRIDAY
BIC SCOOP!!
For Palo Alto and Vicinity
LOUIS-PASTOR
FICHT PICTURES
All Highlights and Knockdowns
in Slow Motion
—Plus—
ALEXANDER DUMAS'
"The Man in the
Iron Mask"
JOAN BENNETT
LEWIS HAYWARD
—Also—
ANNE SHIRLEY
JAMES ELLISON
In
"SORORITY HOUSE"
