# Medico Outlines Flyer's Problems
## 
### 
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
Problems in preserving health and
efficiency in the air was the key
note of the address on "Aviation
Medicine" given by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz, assistant professor of medi
cine, last evening on the Stanford
radio program.
Stressing the need of physiolog
ical and psychological fitness of the
pilot, Dr. Liljencrantz discussed
qualities considered in selecting
army fliers and flight surgeons.
Physiological age was deemed more
important than chronological age.
Among the problems mentioned as
conccmed with aviation and their
treatment in aviation medicinc were
those of high latitude. The solution
was discussed in the study of the
adjustment of oxygen tension.
