# Group to Ponder Wilbur Successor
## 
### 
A preliminary meeting of the fac
ulty committee appointed to assist in
ihe choice of Stanford's new presi
dent was held during the summer.
The committee, however, will not
begin active consultation until the
middle of next year, according to
J .P. Mitchell, secretary.
The committee was appointed by j
the Executive Committee of Aca
demic Council after the Board of
Trustees has passed a resolution j
stating that such a committee he!
formed. It is designed to aid thr 1
Board of Trustees in that body's j
choice of Dr. Wilbur's successor,
though the professors' group will
have no vote.
The committee includes: C. V.
Taylor, chairman; J. P. Mitchell, j
secretary; Lewis M. Terman, Edwin
A. Cottrell, and Eliof Blackwelder. i
